{"R47KGCVGMQEGE": {"By: ": "Wolfvader", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Love it.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "It's great. Ordered on 4/24 and arrived on 4/28. RTX 2070 is flawless. CPU is flawless. Cooling is sufficient but I haven't given it a hard push on everything with the highest settings. Screen is nice. Keyboard is pretty rad. Sound is better than expected. MSI registration was simple and setup up everything was a breeze. One thing to keep in mind is the power supply is big and heavy, but that's to be expected with a full RTX 2070 in here. So, this may affect portability a bit. Not an issue for me as this is now my main gaming rig and it handles everything.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RFTIF1LIQDV72": {"By: ": "Nathan E. West", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best Gaming Laptop I've Owned", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop is probably the best bang for your buck out there. A full RTX 2070 with an i7? Yes please.\nI've tested several games on this machine so far and the experience has been fantastic. The fans can be a little loud when gaming, but nothing a gaming headset can't fix! Overall I am very pleased with the laptop so far and would highly suggest that anyone who is looking for a solid machine take a look at this laptop.\n\nPros: 144hz screen looks amazing\nRTX 2070, enough said\nKeyboard feels good and the per-key RGB is very nice\n\nCons: Speakers are a little weak", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2G1NT6AHNCVZP": {"By: ": "Chad L.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Buy it now.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The games I've played probably are not the hardest of core but they look amazing on this. I let the game decide what to do. I play Minecraft Java, tried Minecraft RTX beta, Fortnite, PubG, CSGO, and random indie games on steam and epic store. All that I have tried has ran great with no stutters and 100+ FPS.\n\nThe speakers are okay but should get headphones.\n\nThe build seems sturdy but the materials are a fingerprint magnet.\n\nFans are loud when it's pushing games hard but it's expected. I haven't seen a gaming laptop any quieter.\n\nOverall I am very happy and recommend. My second and third is on the way for employees I always get new gaming laptops for work laptops. If they can handle games they can handle our work.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71l4hEY-fiL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71o8xovho6L._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71pVQx1CyuL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R22CFTBRJBGJVD": {"By: ": "Maria Rossetti", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Gaming laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop is really good especially for the price. I really like the cool boost option. I feel it\u2019s a better option than buying a razor.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1YEMWBMAAADE1": {"By: ": "T Greene", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "LIFELONG APPLE USER: Amazing Laptop, Not Great Speaker 9.9/10", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I've ALWAYS had Macs and have never considered PC's till my Macbook died. I then bought an HP with better specs than this laptop, and am returning the HP because this MSI laptop is just that much better. I've only had this laptop for 2 weeks and so far it's worth every penny. I don't use it for gaming but the CPU speed is amazing, everything is quick. I use Ableton for Music Production and require a laptop that can process tons of different moving parts at the same time. Ableton is running better than ever on this, I haven't had any CPU crashes or overloads whatsoever. The only reason this isn't the perfect laptop for me is the speaker. The laptop's speaker quality is very mediocre. Granted, the laptop audio quality is stellar. When plugged into headphones or other speakers, it sounds great. I just wish the speakers on the laptop gave a better quality sound. Nonetheless, it's worth it.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3E2X386TQ2BB8": {"By: ": "E. Britton", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great gaming Laptop for the money.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "After looking for weeks for a good gaming laptop with somewhat future proof internals for under 1500 this Laptop finally popped up. It looks nice has a great screen and is lightning fast.\n\nPros:\nGreat 144hz Screen\nNew i7 and Full RTX2070\nIts got a pretty keyboard\n\nCons: Fans can be very loud\nSome bloatware installed", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1507TU6CH7V9G": {"By: ": "Diggums", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Super sturdy and made with quality!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "So right out of the box, this laptop is very sturdy and well made! It feels like a black aluminum casing. The fans have been pretty quiet thus far. Running Final Fantasy 14 on max graphics in an over populated zone and it is holding up extremely well! Even the MSI Dragon software works pretty well for monitoring the Laptop's performance! Super happy with this purchase so far! Can't wait to really put it to the test!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1OEYH3HXJJ6QR": {"By: ": "Malak AS", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "The best laptop i've ever tried.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "when you want to buy a laptop i have the one for you, it's not that expensive and it's amazing. You'll have everything you need in this laptop. Pros: It's the best, Cons: There's no cons.\n\nBUY IT IF YOU CAN.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RXSQWJH64G2V9": {"By: ": "Peakaboohaha", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "GL65 RTX2070 Powerhouse of a laptop, poor battery life.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "MSI GL65 with RTX 2070 and i7 10th Gen CPU rocks my world. I've benched with COD MW and are getting 110-130 FPS with maxed settings. Boot up is extremely fast, very responsive. Love the screen. I don't see any tearing of the images. Very sharp text and videos. The speakers are not bad. You just have to use the MSI Nahimic Audio tools to increase BASS and or the surround sound. I had to dig a around to find the correct settings. The webcam is 720p and it's kind of grainy when used with lower light background. I'll live with it, not that I want everyone to see me in PJ's while in company meeting. The RGB keyboard keys can be individually set for different colors. I still can't figure out why the discrete RTX2070 is always on for some reasons. The power button on mine is always Orange (on GPU RTX2070). This probably explains why I'm only getting like 1 hour and 15 minutes instead of 2-3 hours while watching youtube. If anyone else figures this out please reply. The glide pad is very responsive. unlike my Dell laptops. It would have been nicer if this price comes with 90WHr battery instead of the 50's. Great buy for $1399, will recommend to others.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R6NFZCOY6BANL": {"By: ": "S. Sale", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "So far, so good. Great value gaming laptop. We'll see how this ages in 6 months.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Update 7-22-20 - I've encountered my first problem; the left fan (CPU) appears to have a bad bearing, and when it spins up in the 4000-5000 RPM range, it will make a clicking noise. It gets worse when the laptop is tilted, making me believe it's indeed a bad bearing. These things happen and I'm okay with this as long as MSI gives me a decent path to a repair. Currently I opened a case with MSI to see if they'll just ship me the replacement fan (I repair laptops from time to time) to save the time and money that would be required shipping the laptop back. Failing that, I'll be requesting a replacement on Amazon.\n\nUpdate 7-22-20 : MSI support contacted me and informed me they could send a replacement fan, but I'd have to pay $10 to have it shipped to me. That seems reasonable, but I don't like that I'd have to pay to repair something I just bought. I'm a little tempted to dock the laptop a star, but I'll wait to see if the replacement has any issues first. I decided to simply return the laptop to Amazon for a replacement. It only took around 10 minutes and a replacement is on the way.\n\nOriginal Review:\n\nI've been laptop hunting for a couple months for a laptop that can (likely) play Cyberpunk 2077 when it comes out later this year. I came down to a handful of requirements:\n\n1.) GTX 1660 TI, RTX 2060 or RTX 2070. AMD mobile cards are unproven at the moment, but the 5600m came in slightly faster than the GTX 1660 TI, so I wasn't ruling it out. It's just rare right now.\n2.) Either an AMD Ryzen 7/9 CPU or 10th gen Intel i7/i9.\n\nI was very close to buying the ASUS ROG G14, but the RTX 2060 MaxQ runs at 1660 TI levels and is the least powerful RTX card that exist. Ray Tracing is a token feature when it will barely run on it. I also came close to buying the Asus G15, and even closer to the HP Omen 15 since it had a RTX 2070 and appears to be a solid laptop.\n\nThen I found this laptop. The reviews are great, the thermal system is robust, the monitor is solid and the specs are perfect for this price range. ($1400-$1600)\n\nPros:\n1.) One of the best i7-10750H + RTX 2070 laptops on the market. It's actually designed to handle the thermals of these two components.\n\n2.) The RTX 2070 is a 115watt mobile spec, meaning it's not a handicapped MaxQ part that runs closer to a RTX 2060. That means you have a full 8GB frame buffer and better RTX support.\n\n3.) The i7-10750H, while outclassed by the 3rd gen Ryzen 5/7/9 is an unlocked CPU, and this laptop allows you to fully manipulate it once unlocked in the BIOS. This is probably the best Intel mobile CPU you can currently have for gaming, as the i5 series is a little weak with only 4 cores and no \"K\" level manipulation.\n\n4.) The keyboard is quite nice. I immediately disabled the rainbow RGB and turned it all green. I like how it looks with solid colors. The trackpad is fine and I love the dedicated buttons rather than the silly \"Mono-slab\" popularized by Apple. Dedicated buttons are almost always better for power users. I use a USB wireless mouse anyway, but I appreciate the buttons.\n\n5.) The build quality, while very plasticy, is good. I was able to remove the bottom panel to install an extra 1TB SSD and was impressed by the excellent heat pipe design and layout.\n\n4.) Neither RAM module is soldered on, so you can upgrade to 32GB if you really want. Currently 16GB is ideal, which it comes with.\n\n5.) The MSI software, while clunky, is effective once you get used to it. I appreciate the \"Mode switch\" keys. Silent mode is impressive, in that it manages to keep the fans reasonable at ~3000 RPM while only losing 10-20% of your FPS at worst.\n\n6.) Performance in games is excellent. Red Dead Redemption 2 plays excellently at max settings, 1080p. Warhammer Total War 2 also plays great maxed out (maybe step back some of the excessive effects for 60FPS+) and I'm sure the rest of my games will do fine too.\n\n7.) The monitor/lid is sturdy, has very thin bezels for the top and sides. The bottom bezel is larger, but not bad. The webcam is tiny and actually there, something the Asus G14 is missing. The 144hz refresh rate is impressive and the screen hits 320 nits brightness, pretty close to ideal. There is some moderate backlight bleed, but this shouldn't be an issue in games.\n\nCons:\n1.) Although it's not terrible, the MSI logo on the front lights up with the monitor's backlight and can't be turned off. It looks kind of cheesy and I wish it was just a solid lid with minimal logo.\n\n2.) The design is moderately gamery, with the bottom being a strange mess of design (but effective vents) and the lid \"ribs\" being a little cheesy. I think they really strengthen the lid however, so I won't complain too much. I like HP's 2020 refresh Omen 15 and Asus G14 designs better.\n\n3.) Playing with stock balanced mode settings, the fans can get very loud and the i7 CPU will happily run up to 95C and throttle. This is more of an Intel issue, as they have been falling behind in die shrinks compared to AMD, and suffering thermal issues as a result. However, I'll touch on this later, as it can be fixed.\n\n4.) It's a little heavy, but within reason. 5.1 pounds for the laptop and a big ~2.1 pound charger adds a lot of weight to your bag. I definitely notice it even though my previous laptop was 4.8 lbs with a 1 pound charger.\n\n5.) The glossy finish is a fingerprint magnet. It'll annoy you if you don't like smudges.\n\n6.) Battery life is towards the bottom of most laptops, but you can improve it by disabling CPU boost. I get between 3-5 hours with normal web usage, and only an hour if gaming. You've got to tinker with it to pull 5 hours out. (Disable CPU boost, Max Battery mode, dim screen)\n\n7.) Although this is in the top range of ray tracing capable mobile cards, expect to be a little disappointed as Nvidia jumped the gun and needed another generation to truly make RTX enticing. You pretty much have to use DLSS 2.0 to make it usable, otherwise, expect unplayable framerates or lowered settings. If you are really wanting an excellent ray tracing capable laptop, you'll have to wait until next year when the next generation of AMD and Nvidia cards become available in mobile form and likely have much better ray tracing performance.\n\n8.) The speakers, while they can be cranked loud, sound tinny and have no bass and little midrange. I raised bass all the way to the top in the included Nahimic program and it kind of helps, but there's definitely something wrong with the design here. All the MSI marketing about \"giant speakers\" makes me disappointed by this second thought implementation. If you want good sound, hook up speakers, a HDMI display with sound or headphones.\n\nOverall, I'd recommend this laptop to anyone who wants to do some mobile PC gaming. It's durable and has great specs. The thermals are excellent for a laptop in this class, and it's an overall excellent value.\n\nTips:\n\n1.) The CPU in any gaming laptop, AMD or Intel, will add unnecessary heat, as usual the GPU is the bottleneck. Disable CPU boost mode, or tinker with it. You can use Intel's XTU or Throttlestop if you're an advanced user, or even easier, search in Google for, \"Disable processor boost mode to prolong your battery life\" and try \"Disabled\" mode or play with settings until you find a happy place between thermals and performance.\n\n2.) The BIOS has an unclock mode to enable undervolting, overclocking, etc. Use with caution or not at all if you aren't very familiar with this. To enable it, press ALT + RIGHT-CTRL + SHIFT together then press F2 while in BIOS. This should enable the advanced mode. Again, be careful here.\n\n3.) Make sure to update all the drivers, as out of the box they are a mix of late 2019 and early 2020. There are new drivers available for almost every component. You can either get them directly from Windows Update, MSI's website, or Intel.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RDA1HK2C20UCF": {"By: ": "Matt Brown", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Very solid components for the price I paid", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I bought this laptop at $1399, and at that price this laptop is an excellent deal.\n\nGames:\nI mostly use this laptop to play League of Legends, which it can run on high settings at about 170fps.\n\nWork:\nI also use this as my work computer, which requires me to do image analysis and work with somewhat large datasets. I can have multiple computationally intense tasks running at once without too much issue, although that is with the understanding that doing this on a laptop is going to have intrinsic limits.\n\nBuild quality:\nEverything feels sturdy and well made. That being said, one of the most common issues with laptops is their longevity, and I can't comment on that at this time. The trackpad works very well and feels good to use.\n\nOverall:\nI'm quite happy with my purchase so far. Because I tend to use my laptops for both work and personal use, they get a lot of hours put on them and all of the hours I've spent on this one so far have been good.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RGK5VNAOP5XO": {"By: ": "TPJ0203", "Stars: ": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Average computer with obvious flaws", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I just got this computer delivered recently, and while I do enjoy the weight, build material, keyboard, and screen, there are some significant drawbacks.\n\nFirst, the sound. The sound quality on this laptop is HORRIBLE. Very tin-y and cheap, like a ten dollar bluetooth speaker. Because of this, the volume is either too low and difficult to hear, or too high and grating to listen to.\n\nSecond, the battery. If you want portability, DO NOT get this laptop. I realize that as a gaming laptop, the battery life is not long. But just using my internet browser, the laptop went from 94% to 17% in ten minutes. Again, I was only running the internet.\n\nLast, the lag. There seems to be significant slowdown on video playback of any kind, and programs will lock up seemingly at random. I haven't yet installed any games or large programs to run. I've noticed these issues running an internet browser for Facebook, Youtube, and Twitch. My confidence in actually being able to game on this is shaken, but I will report back when I try it.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1DSG7TQCVI0UQ": {"By: ": "cameron bermudez", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Extremely powerful, terrible battery life and LOUD fans (too be expected)", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "RTX 2070 and i7 10750 is a monster combo. Smashes through games like nothing at 1080p. This GPU could easily play 1440p above 60fps on ultra settings, for example Modern Warfare 2019 is over 100fps maxed out no RTX, World War Z is over 100fps maxed out. Any game you want. CPU gets toasty average around 90C keyboard doesn't get hot, but it is a very small chassis. The keyboard goes all the way out to the edges because there is almost no screen bezel. It's a super nice laptop build wise. Not built like a Razer Blade, but very nice nonetheless. Fans are LOUD when gaming, they work insanely well.\n\nOverall it's a very aggressive, super powerful gaming laptop. You will not be disappointed in that regard. The battery life and fan noise you will be disappointed with if that bothers you. Battery life is a MAX of 3 hours. I have only got 2 1/2 hours web browsing with no keyboard backlight and display almost all the way dim.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R223A5HCV2MZL": {"By: ": "rfranco", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Enchanted with the Dragon Spirit!!!!!!!!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I bought this laptop on May 29 and received it on June 8, it took longer than expected to arrive, but it was because it was not in stock. The outer case in perfect condition, comes in a briefcase-type box, which gives it a premium view, everything comes perfectly, the packaging of the accessories is great, the protection for the laptop is very careful. Before buying it I saw many videos about this line of laptops, I read many reviews here on amazon, where they criticized the sound of the speakers, but in my personal experience they sound at a level of 95% without distortion, it is clear crystal clear, the screen is great for this laptop (great refresh rate), the keyboard has multiple options to customize the rgb effects (including turning off the rgb light), it is compatible with steelseries devices for rgb effects, it is also compatible with all devices MSI for rgb effects with MYSTIC LIGHT application (I have keyboard, mouse and MSI monitor, everything works perfect). It takes around 18 seconds to turn on. I have it on a cooling pad and I have not experienced overheating. The webcam is basic, it can be used for virtual classes, conferences and video calls, but for greater clarity, an additional camera is recommended. The sound I said before, it is very very good, but if it is used with headphones or subwoofer speakers, it is even better !!!!! I am happy with this purchase, amazon did an excellent job with shipping and the excellent condition of the product, but MSI did something even better, this laptop has the SPIRIT OF DRAGON in it, it is the best laptop I have ever had.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3JS09FZYZ0NZP": {"By: ": "Thomas D Valerio", "Stars: ": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Unless you know your way around fixing a computer yourself, dont get this.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Pros:\n-quite powerful for a laptop\n-will run games smoothly\n\nCons:\n-fans are extremely loud as mentioned by others\n-battery life is nonexistent. power cable must be plugged in 24/7\n-sound quality is worse than dollar store headphones. either way too quiet or tinny and piercing on higher volume\n-no user manual, warnings, contact or anything additional for support included with laptop\n-horrible customer service from msi. website is barely understandable, no way at all to contact the manufacturer for help- just a few forums and useless guides.\n\n--------------------\n\nIf you run into any problems with this laptop, don't expect to find anything that will help. This company is worthless in terms of support or regard for its customers.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RMQOSB4O44X67": {"By: ": "SM", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Can't beat this price for this performance!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The laptop arrived on time. Its specs are very good for the price point. There doesn't seem to be another laptop with these specs at this price at the moment. Hard to find a 2070 for this price. Pleased with the build quality. Keyboard and trackpad feels good. Aesthetics-wise, the back side where the MSI logo is found can be a bit too gamer-y (especially compared to the stealth line of MSI), but in general, it's not very offensive anyway. Another gripe I have is that it is somewhat chunky for a normal laptop nowadays, but I feel that it is somewhat expected for a gaming laptop so that is not really a problem. It is just something to note for some people. It is also important to say though that it is LIGHT, despite how chunky it is. RGB is also very good compared to other gaming laptops if that is a consideration.\n\nOverall, I'm happy with the laptop. I would recommend purchasing this.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1XKHAPN5YFTCW": {"By: ": "Nate", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Nice laptop, with a few drawbacks", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "It's a nice, fast, laptops but there are a few drawbacks. Because of them I would give 4.5 stars if I could. They are:\n- Included MSI/Steelseries software has frozen or stopped working and required a reboot 3 times in the first week of owning the laptop\n- Fans are really loud, yet still thermal throttles a lot\n- The lid is somewhat sharp along the edges. Makes opening and closing the lid harder.\n\nIt's also worth noting that there is a separate headphone and microphone jack. Not a pro or con, was just unexpected so it is worth knowing.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R13MZM2BCH2WDQ": {"By: ": "Tee", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "To start off with, let me tell you\u2026 \u201cWHAT A MACHINE\u201d", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": " Absolutely impressed so far.\n\nI got this laptop 10 days ago. Been testing and running every app I require for gaming and doing my work. And it has been flawless. **RTX 2070 graphics at this price is a great deal**\n\nPros:\n\u2022 Screen: For those of you who haven\u2019t used a 144hz screen, you will not be disappointed.\n\u2022 Graphics: RTX 2070 and i7 \u2026 WOW\n\u2022 Design & build quality:\no RGB Keyboard, the lighting has different modes.\nThe keys are really smooth and I like the font of the letters on the keyboard. It has a number pad\ntoo (really wanted that).\no The screen is bright enough.\no The aluminum finish looks and feels nice. It\u2019s strong and well made.\no The track pad works well.\no NO HEATING UP ISSUES (MAJOR PRO).Incase it heats up, the \u2018cooler boost\u2019 does its job well.\n\u2022 Weight: Not heavy compared to other gaming laptop. Makes it much easier to take it around.\n\u2022 Gaming: I mostly use this laptop to play Steam games like Counter Strike, Rust etc and it is super smooth.\n\u2022 Work: I also get my graphic design and video editing works done and the super-fast response while\nrendering my work is amazingly helpful.. saves a lot of time to be honest.\n\nCons ( but not so bad ):\n\u2022 Battery: Battery life is not great. It last only for 2 \u2013 3 hours, but I always use it while its plugged in.\n\u2022 Charger Port: The charger port is placed in a weird spot. Like its right in the middle , gets in the way of the mouse sometimes.\n\u2022 Speakers: The integrated speaker sound is barely audible, but since I use a headset it\u2019s not much of an issue.\n\u2022 Fans: The fans get loud while playing games, ( headset solves the issue for me , AGAIN ).\n\u2022 Aluminium finish: The aluminum finish gets fingerprints easily, so got to keep cleaning with a fiber cloth.\n\nOverall:\nPretty Impressed and quite happy with my purchase so far. Since I tend to use my laptops for both work and personal use, I use the laptop for almost the entire day and so far I\u2019m loving everything about the MSI GL65 Leopard.\nAt this price I don't think you can get a better machine than this gem. This is by far the best choice for a mid-range gaming laptop.\nThank you MSI/Amazon for this amazing deal!", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61RGxrPiAsL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71DoDM+c5BL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71Ml7Tps7VL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71V907oeVpL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71ZVlDQdvzL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71bQqjR+32L._SY88.jpg"]}, "R2QX53PDFGDLRB": {"By: ": "CtM", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "MSI Does It Again!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I'm a laptop gamer, have been for over a decade. I've had Dell's rockin' XPS, I've had their less-than-satisfactory Alienware and when I needed a new laptop 6 years ago, I went with an MSI, due to the power at an incredible price. Think about that-- 6 years with the same gaming laptop. Ever since then, I've talked my daughter, her boyfriend, 3 of her friends, and two of my nephews into buying MSI and they all love them. I will never buy anything else. Now, to this review-- After 6 years, I needed a new gaming laptop so I bought this. Raytracing? Wasn't any hesitation. And it runs flawlessly! I'm running all of my games in Ultra mode and still getting a steady 60+ FPS. Here's a response to what other people have written:\n\n- Laptop is loud-- of course it's loud. That's because of the power inside. You're cramming the 3rd fastest video card on the market into an itty bitty chassis. So if you're complaining that it's loud, you simply don't get it. It's normal.\n- Low battery life-- It feels like the words \"desktop replacement\" have vanished from the PC gamer vernacular. It's not meant to run on battery. The battery is for if you suddenly have to move it, you can unplug it , move it, and plug it back in. Power goes out? Use the battery to sae your work, then turn it off. That's the whole idea.\n- The screen and video card are nothing short of amazing. 144mhz? Best screen I've ever used. No jaggies, no pauses, no split-screens. And the RTX card? MSI is one of the few companies that allows you to use the reference drivers directly from NVIDIA, and it's this reason that their laptops withstand the test of time. You get every update from nVidia, roughly one a week. New game comes out, nVidia writes it into their driver, you get it delivered to you. This is the main feature of the system. In contrast, Dell forces you to use their driver and rarely update it. Basically, the Alienware I bought was close to useless in less than a year.\n- Loud- yeah well, RTX card, lotsa fans running = loud.\n- heavy-- You're insane. This is one of the lightest gaming pc's on the market.\n- Sound-- okay, this one is legitimate. The sound is terrible, very tinny. But once I put my headset on, it sounds fantastic. So just figure on using headphones, which you're probably doing anyway to take advantage of spacial sound.\n- Space - yep, you're gonna need to get a second drive. So, people complain that the 512 gig ssd isn't enough to install a lot of games and they're right, but it's because they don't get it. The SSD should really be just for your OS and any read-write heavy apps. You'll need a second drive, probably a sshd or hdd and MSI, realizing this, has given us a second bay to install one. So quit whining.\n\nAs you can see, I love my MSI and I cannot recommend it highly enough. Get one NOW.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RWEZ2LN2FTV2R": {"By: ": "Jay", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "An excellent buy!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I've been into gaming for a while and was looking at purchasing a gaming laptop. I came across this deal and was absolutely blown away at the price for what you are getting with this machine, and yes I mean MACHINE. This laptop has handled everything I have thrown at it on high to max settings.\n\nThe build quality is nice, not too heavy but still feels solid. The keyboard is great and has different RGB settings that you can play around with if that's your thing. The trackpad is also surprisingly good, not like other trackpads that just feels \"cheap.\" Being able to control the different fan speeds is a nice addition as well.\n\nI do not have anything bad to say really about this laptop. The only thing I can see being a problem for someone is the USB port placement on the laptop, two being located at the right corner on the front of the laptop. This may cause some inconvenience for right-handed mouse users.\n\nIn conclusion, I highly recommend this laptop if and when it does become available again on Amazon (at the time of this review it was sold out). You probably will not find a better deal like this one for a while and I am glad I made the purchase.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R320GAKR2F3QXK": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Lots of Effort", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I am very disappointed in how difficult MSI makes registering my product at their website. It took me multiple tries to get the activation email and now they want me to upload my invoice and their site is not accepting the upload. Also, Amazon does not make it an \"easy\" process to reach someone to confirm how to add the extended warranty. So far not impressed with the experience.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1578N4Q9PIAH2": {"By: ": "Dan", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "BUY IT BEFORE THEY SELL OUT!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I spent a month researching before pulling the trigger, should have bought it in day one! Don\u2019t contemplate, just get it! Absolute monster of a gaming laptop, runs everything maxed out with no struggle, I use this for work and gaming. It\u2019s much thinner than I expected, and the screen has almost no ghosting at 144hz. Honestly cannot get get a better machine for the price. The bezels in the screen are super thin, one finger opening if great if you\u2019ve got something in your hands. The keyboard is great for typing and gaming. Impressive that they fit a much needed numpad on the 15.6\u201d version.\n\nCons: battery is about an hour on the RTX 2070 and maybe 3.5 if you change to onboard graphics and super battery saver mode. I didn\u2019t buy this for the extended battery life so it\u2019s not a big deal to me, I needed portability from office to home, and customer locations.\nSpeakers aren\u2019t great, if you download nahemic sound drivers it\u2019s much better!\nFans are a little loud when gaming but a set of headphones or AirPods in my case solves that problem instantly.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71NUX46n5CL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R3QW6A91THJDCB": {"By: ": "Phillip", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Worth all $1400 I paid for it", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Excellent gaming laptop. Was available for $1,400, which is a great value for the sum of its parts.\n\nGaming - this is what its for. The 2070 RTX card benchmarks at around the previous gen's 1080 GTX, although it's supposed to have optimized support for ray-tracing (I've not seen that yet, don't have any games that have that feature). The 10th gen i7 is a slightly better version of my 7th gen i7, which 6 cores instead of four. in short, this is a slightly better computer than my 3 year old gamer rig only its way more mobile. It's not a Switch, you'll have to plug in the laptop to get the most out of modern games, but it's perfect when it's plugged in.\n\nYou'll want a gaming mouse, a headset, and a controller to go with this. If you have a second monitor, I'd recommend a G-sync or FreeSync monitor to make sure you're not letting any of those precious frames go to waste.\n\nNitpicks -\nSpeakers are quiet, fan is loud. When the fan is blasting, it becomes difficult to hear what's going on in the game. Can't do much about the fan - you've got to cool the GPUs and CPUs. They could have made the speakers a bit louder, or maybe they could have placed them in a better position. It's a minor gripe, just wear a headset.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1ZR1GYR2O6MXE": {"By: ": "Kevin N.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "So far so good", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I have just received this laptop on time as estimated by amazon/UPS tracking. After spending hours doing research on different laptops, I was under the impression the most I could afford with a $1200-1400 budget was an RTX2060 or lower in combination with a decent CPU (Intel 9th/10th gen) or AMD Ryzen's new CPUs especially if I wanted a decent panel. Never would I have thought an RTX2070 would be available at this price along with more.\n\nMain pros:\n+RTX2070\n+10th gen Intel CPU\n+144 hz decently color accurate panel (ASUS TUF needs to step it up)\n+Decent ventilated design and build\n\nMinor pros\n+Individual RGB lighted keys\n+Designated left and right click touchpad buttons\n+Bezel is decently small but still has quite a chin\n+Mini display port\n+USB-C port\n\nCons\n-Speaker (it's quite a tin-like sound with a severe lack of bass, worse than most speakers I would say) Stick with headphones for this one.\n-I mean most gaming laptops run quite hot due to the nature of the system so its not really a real con. If you feel like the temps are running too high, get a laptop cooling pad.\n\nI may update this review in the future depending on performance (maybe at the 6-month mark)?", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3HEUP4WGZQ4ID": {"By: ": "-BigDaddy-", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Powerhouse in a small package", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This machine is a beast! As one who has a limited budget and looks to get a laptop that will last for a handful of years, this was the perfect fit. The price was great at the time of the purchase, and it comes with a FULL RTX 2070 (non-max Q)! This laptop benches a little higher than a desktop RTX 2060, and in some functions on par with a desktop RTX 2060 super. This means that in a few years I won't find myself wishing I had more power for gaming and video editing. While in the latter I would have loved to see this unit with a 4800H Ryzen 7, the 10th gen i7 is no slouch and is a strong upgrade from my old dated 7700HQ i7 where I was beginning to have issues when editing videos for YouTube.\n\nThe laptop appearance is very nice as well with per key RGB, thin bezels, a fast 144 hz IPS like screen with around a 3 ms response time which means crystal clear and very responsive FPS. It was so crazy good that I had to learn to adjust to the response times being used to an older 60 HZ screen on my old laptop.\n\nSo, the bottom line is that I strongly recommend this laptop. It is plenty powerful to run all triple A titles at max settings and have good to great frame rates.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1CXL60KJNZOLZ": {"By: ": "mez", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Powerful Gaming Laptop for the price.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The laptop is on point for the price. It was able to play Assassins Creed Odyssey at high settings. Haven't installed any other games yet. The screen is nice and bright. The only complaint I have is the bottom bezel is a bit too thick in my opinion. RGB keyboard is a nice touch. Will update as I use it more.\n\nUpdate 6/26/20: Found my first problem. Charged laptop to 100%. then when unplugged battery percentage went from 99% to 93% in under 20 minutes. I set the laptop settings to super battery saver and nothing. The laptop said only an hour of battery life. Looked into it a bit more and saw that a it needed a battery calibration. MSI has the app installed for this so I went ahead and did the calibration. Took about two hours. The strange thing now is it was doing the same thing as before. That is for a little while. First it said I had an hour and 46 minutes. Then it said I had two hours and 16 minutes left. Third time I checked five minutes later it said I had 6 hours and 25 minutes left!! WHAT!! Got so pissed that I shut down and took a walk. Seriously thinking about returning this laptop and getting something else.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RXFZHRYNFNUSI": {"By: ": "J. Hurst", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "We were looking to replace our six year old laptop and opted for a gaming laptop since you tend to get some better internals (CPU, GPU, RAM, etc.) for your money than a standard laptop. This will likely be used more for daily productivity, but the option of being able to run some games on it was definitely a deciding factor in looking for a gaming laptop. A lot of research went into this decision since there are so many gaming laptops (and laptops in general) on the market, and MSI's gaming laptops came well recommended from a number of sources, and this machine was too good to pass up.\n\nThere are a couple small things to be aware of:\n-Battery life is kind of short (approx. 5 hours) and the AC adapter is huge, but these aren't uncommon for gaming laptops.\n-The speakers aren't great. They aren't horrible, but if you plan on listening to music a lot, streaming video or gaming, I'd recommend some external speakers or headphones, etc.\n\nOtherwise, really happy with this purchase and I'd definitely recommend it to anyone who was looking at getting one.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RCNPX53C3IJY5": {"By: ": "Erin Smith", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great product for the $", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Really enjoying this laptop, so far I haven't had any issues playing all my games on ultra settings. The sound is crisp and clear. I primarily use my laptop plugged in so I have have the setting in the MSI dragon panel to help preserve it's battery to keep the battery charged to 50-60% As someone who is just replacing an old Asus ROG laptop who still has an OEM battery I like that feature.\nAlso being able to upgrade the RAM and HDD is a nice bonus (but it may void the warranty, need to contact the manufacturer on that as the middle screw on the case has \"The Sticker\" on it)\nI've noticed that mine runs at around 50C idling and 80C in extreme performance mode. I also have a cooling pad under it. (It runs cooler than my old beast so I'm happy) it also has a button on the keyboard to boost fan performance to 6000rpm (both)\nAnd a appearance thing, keyboard, many colors - solid, rainbow custom. Also the logo on the hood glows white too.\nIt does show fingerprints only downside as it is metal but ::shrug:: I use mine as a desktop.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RI123QHFSO5LV": {"By: ": "Vishnu Venugopalan", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "AWESOMEE LAPTOPP!!!!!! Click on BUY NOW WITHOUT HESITATION", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Awesome Laptop, Best Buy for your money, Almost the highest specs for a great value, Speakers are great, real loud, i'm not sure why others tell the speakers are bad, on youtube videos etc the volume is really high, on the netflix app its a bit low but still great, that is one thing i noticed about the speakers, keyboard is fantastic to type. i have not tested the battery life yet but I think the battery life is only the con as per the other reviews, I found out nothing else as a con, BUY WITHOUT HESITATION, where do you get a laptop with such specs for this money. NOWHERE!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1C3XOFBSCWH2R": {"By: ": "Jack Brown", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Way Better Than Expected.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I have only had the laptop a few days. So far I do like it. The screen looks much better than I had expected. It's bright and the 144mhz refresh rate is very nice. It's super fast. Has a couple easy ways to upgrade the RAM and add another SSD. 512Gb is quite limiting for gaming, so adding another SSD will help. It comes with 16GB of RAM, which seems to be plenty for what I am doing but I plan to upgrade that to 32GB as soon as I can. So far, the only two downsides are the battery life and the size of the power adapter. That thing is a brick. Also, I think the software from SteelSeries for the RGB is a bit clunky and NOT user friendly.\n\nI did play one game and I loved the fast refresh rate and the FPS I will getting. On par with my desktop because of the great CPU the 2070!\n\nIf anything changes I will be sure to update! Thanks for reading! You can't go wrong with this laptop. It's priced affordable and really does perform.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71MkEL3WuwL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71nziAQeOwL._SY88.jpg"]}, "RRE1U8KAR3GHN": {"By: ": "Joseph Kline", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Beast of a laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Right now I can't really have a desk, so my desktop PC is only useable through a Steamlink, which is nice but some games don't work so well through it. So I decided to buy a gaming laptop, something I can set up anywhere I have a outlet near by, something I don't really need a desk for. This laptop runs everything I throw at it, at max settings. The cooling system seems pretty decent, the exhaust gets a little toasty but the system doesn't slow down like a overheating system can do. Battery life is so so, this is more of a \"portable computer\", than a \"mobile computer\". That is just part of the compromise you have to make to keep it powerful and slim at the same time. I was a bit shocked at just how big the screen feels, I haven't used a 15 inch laptop since they started making everything wide screen. I am really glad I didn't get the 17 inch model now, the 15 is perfect for me.\n\nNo regrets so far, this thing is a beast.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R163EQRPM20JTW": {"By: ": "Ryan", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best power to dollar ratio you will get", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop gives you the most power per dollar you can find right now. With an i7 10th gen, and RTX 2070 for under $1500 you really cannot beat that. The screen is good, crystal clear. Thermals are a bit on the high side, but they have fans to compensate for that. The fans get LOUD, but that doesn\u2019t bother me. If you game with headphones you won\u2019t even hear it. The one significant issue is the placement of the power cord, right in the middle of the right hand side. If you have a cramped table space it does get in the way of the mouse.\n\nOverall you are getting an upper mid-range gaming laptop for a lower mid-range price.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R5YJ9RGFU5GAY": {"By: ": "Krystal R", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "If your most important need is gaming, this laptop does it at a hell of a price.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I'm just going to break this down into pros, cons, and my final thoughts.\n\npros\n-This laptop will handle any current game with buttery smooth graphics. It even makes older games look better which I found surprising. Most old games like minecraft could run on a potato and I was unaware of how much better they could look.\n-That's probably due to the insanely bright, beautifully contrasting, 144Hz screen. I put my old gaming laptop and this one side by side and played the same 4k video on youtube and there was a more than noticeable difference. My old gaming laptop was an HP with a 1050 in it, and only a 60Hz screen. The colors, the refresh rate, and the brightness just blew me away.\n-The Steelseries keyboard is a Steelseries keyboard. The lighting effects are nice and the customizability is also nice. The lights are fairly bright and very colorful.\n-10th Gen i7. Not much I need to say about that.\n-This thing has a RTX 2070 in it for under $1500...what?! And it works like a charm.\n-More than enough USB ports and enough variety of ports that you can connect most everything you'll need to connect to it.\n-For me, the separate headphone and mic jacks are a plus. I tend to have issues with single jacks and headsets.\n-THE HINGE FEELS STRONG! On any laptop, I don't care how inexpensive it is, if there is one place they CANNOT cut corners, it's the hinge. I've broken plenty of laptops at the hinge and that drives me nuts. This one feels great. It's simple. Nobody in the design department ran wild with a stupid idea here. It just works.\n\nCons\n-That fan....oh my God is it loud. However I also understand this. I'd rather it be loud than overheat. It's not the Max-Q or any kind of power saving model. I can forgive it. I'll get a headset for it and be fine. People on the plane may not but this is my laptop I don't care.\n-I haven't seen a power supply for a laptop this big since the 90s. However once again, I understand. It is needed to power the beast inside. The laptop and power supply weigh almost the same.\n-The bottom plastic has a feel I don't enjoy. It feels a bit cheap.\n-The sticker says \"giant speaker\" and I don't care how big they are if they don't output enough sound to drown out that fan. This computer needs headphones. Don't intend on going without them.\n-This has low portability. With both the laptop and the charger being rather beefy, it's not a \"throw in your backpack and take off\" kind of laptop.\n\nFinal thoughts\nSo, while I was writing most of the cons I felt like caveating almost each one with \"but I understand\" because those cons exist for specific reasons. Some are to save money (cheap plasticy bottom, crap speakers), some are to get out of the way of the laptop doing what it needs to do (big power supply). The reality is that if you are a gamer and want a gaming laptop and want the most bang for your buck, I feel like this is as much as you could possibly cram into a $1399 price tag for that purpose. This laptop is outstanding. I love it. I'm absolutely satisfied and would recommend it to anyone.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1UBGRAE9PSQ13": {"By: ": "Omar", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Gorgeous laptop with the specs to match", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This is easily the nicest laptop I have owned. I\u2019ll just run through some of my favorite things about it:\n- The specs are very impressive for the price point.\n- When you first hold it you can feel the material the laptop is made from is sturdy and high quality. A bit prone to fingerprints but that\u2019s the worst you can say.\n- Silent as ever. I can\u2019t hear a peep out of it even in more intensive situations.\n- Webcam camera quality is superb.\n- The screen quality is genuinely stunning. I was blown away the first time I turned it on and still am when I revisit it.\n- As a new owner of an RGB keyboard let me just say its very aesthetically appealing. Apple likes to act like they\u2019ve got the physical appeal thing on lock but MSI has done a wonderful job creating an overall beautiful design.\n\nHighly recommend this laptop to anyone interested in gaming/editing.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R27N512TZ88H9C": {"By: ": "Kris", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Awesome deal no need to look any further!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "For the money this is the best option available, I'll be useing it for gaming and video editing. The specs speak for themselves, there is power for days, I received this laptop early today And after about 6 hours of messing around playing a few games and different rendering softwares it's definitely proven itself to be an incredible asset. With the 6 core i7 alongside the 8gb ddr5 rtx 2070 there isn't much this isn't going to tackle!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1MKP1WZJM0XAF": {"By: ": "josh", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best gaming laptop for the price.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This past month I have been looking far and wide for the best budget gaming laptop that can last me through school, after countless hours going through websites, reviews, and subreddits I came across this one. Although it only just arrived today I can confidently say i made the right choice, for the price you get a 2070 and a intel i7 tenth gen and let me tell you it runs great. Time for the pros and cons.\n\nPros:\n-the 144hz screen looks incredible and is very big with very thin bezels, its also plenty bright enough.\n-Tested Mordhau at highest settings 1080 and got 120 average fps.\n-Speakers are good quality\n-feels sturdy, although its not made of metal it definitely feels high quality\n-Lighting effects are great\n-battery life is as to be expected for the specs, under heavy load its going to deplete fast but while browsing the internet it lasted several hours.\n\nCons:\n-Its loud under heavy load. Though im not sure if this is a big con because most laptops with these specs are going to be loud, and it gladly choose loud fans over overheating any day of the week.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3KDUH0P9CIMNE": {"By: ": "BigPapiT", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Much better than expected for the price@", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I got this laptop for my church to handle video sources and our VMix streaming. Everything about it has been an upgrade from gpu performance to sound. I like the keyboard as it is extremely smooth and quiet. I am using the mini display and HDMI at the same time using an external monitor on the display port and two 4k screens. It also manages two usb captur cards. I upgraded the RAM to 64gb and added a 2 TB drive with no problems. Completed the stream on service without a hitch. I played a few games with no problem but this machine is for streaming and so far no problems. I would highly recommend this machine to anyone.\nEspecially for this purpose.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1JY116PZQK4RX": {"By: ": "Fernando Rivera", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "POWERFUL Gaming Rig With Better-Than-Anticipated Performance!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I recently purchased a Dell laptop for around the same price that I, unfortunately, had to return because 1. Dell sent me one that didn't have the light-up keyboard I paid extra for and 2. it had major performance issues. Dell also took nearly an entire month to ship me a replacement so I told them to just keep their crummy laptop and get me a refund.\nThat brought me to a KILLER deal on this laptop and it arrived in two days!\n\nI was extremely pleased to find out that this laptop goes well beyond the recommended specs for high-quality VR gaming as I am considering purchasing a Vive down the line. I tested performance on a few games including Subnautica (amazing game) and was super-impressed at how well everything looks while running really smoothly. It does get pretty warm while running games but that's common with high end computers. I would recommend purchasing a cooling pad with this computer.\n\nThe battery life does fluctuate often but generally you can get between 2-3 hours of battery life for simple applications such as surfing the internet while you may only get one hour while playing games. That's perfectly fine because the performance is AWESOME and I rarely need more than a couple hours of unplugged use at a time.\n\nAll-in-all I find very few cons with this computer as it's so darned powerful and very sleek in design. I recommend you purchase this as long as you aren't expecting battery life over 3 hours. Good luck finding that, however, when looking for a powerful gaming laptop.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1QDEDA2TRAMRN": {"By: ": "The Terrells", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "An Amazing Gaming Laptop for the price!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I purchased this for $1,399 from and it was a direct Amazon.com purchase. This was a graduation gift for my son, and for the price, and features included this was the best deal I could find anywhere! I had purchased my son an MSI laptop roughly 2 years ago which was my first MSI purchase and he has been happy with it's performance, so at this price and knowing that it would perform well for him in college (with a little gaming on the side LOL) this laptop was a steal! The 144Hz display is noticeably improved from the previous laptop's screen, and the RTX 2070 has already allowed some seriously cool gaming on the highest settings! Anyone for some Raytraced Minecraft?!?! Apparently it gets a little hot when games are using the hardware to it's fullest... but that seems to be expected on all these current gaming laptops. The bottom has plenty of open mesh area to allow dissipation but probably makes for a hot lap... recommend a lap desk of some kind, maybe with it's own cooling fans. The keyboard is more seriously cool tech, Steel Series provides full RGB lighting per key with amazing preset effects. Looks amazing!!! If you can find this laptop for such a low price I would highly recommend it!!! P.S. I now see this is already sold out from Amazon and priced much higher from other sellers.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R7ONMY0223YOB": {"By: ": "Nicholas", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Feels great to use.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Just got it and everything feels great already, very fast and the processor is insane. Will update once I've had for longer but so far its awesome.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3E4EVGSIKYLQH": {"By: ": "Christopher S.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Good power, Excellent Materias, Loud fans", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This is most likely your best choice for mid range laptop gaming and here is why:\n- The build quality is outstanding. The chassis is sturdy, the screen, ports, and keyboard/Touchpad are well attached and not flimsy. The fans are not cheap parts, they are loud but they are well manufactured and perform well.\n- The price to part ratio is amazing. To get a 2070RTX in this range elsewhere, you would lose on quality of parts elsewhere. With this one you get a nice GPU and the rest of the laptop matches its quality.\n- The Mobility is perfect. Some (like my last) were too heavy, got too hot, or the ports are in weird locations. This laptop places the ports perfectly, and they are built in well, no loose connections. The weight is a relief for the power this has. And heat displacement is probably one of the best in the industry. This unit will simply not die to heat if you treat it right.\n- The keyboard quality is amazing as well, the keys feel solid not flimsy, and it is spaced perfectly for me with big hands. Numberpad is a plus, the FN key when pressed lights up all the FN keys so you know what your enabling, very innovating and amazing job by engineering.\n\nOverall I would say this laptop is like the AK47 of gaming laptops. Solidly built and even after taking a beating it looks like it will still go forward. It performs well, stays cool, and feels great when using carrying.\n4.9 out of 5!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RXXKYV5A8IG5Q": {"By: ": "Preetha Suresh", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Computer - Great Buying Experience With Amazon - TREAT YOURSELF and get it!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "(Disclosure: I am receiving a gaming headset from MSI as a result of writing this review. Everything I say here is true and honestly how I feel)\n\nI stream live quite a lot (life coaching stuff plus gaming stuff), and my old computer (2015 macbook) wasn't cutting it CPU-wise. I was looking for a computer with a 10th gen intel processor and found this among many other options. I first tried to buy on Best buy, but after 10 days of no shipping notification I cancelled that order and bought here on Amazon. It shipped instantly and came within 3 days, exactly as scheduled!\n\nFor the computer itself, it's really good. Came packaged very safely and with cool design. Kind of feels like buying a sports car, but with a computer. My macbook was struggling to stream from OBS at 30fps to facebook (CPU was spiking), and this computer can do that without even feeling it. I am also able to play the game I wanted to (legends of runterra) with a flawless experience. The display on this computer is really gorgeous. Everything works like lightning.\n\nIf you're looking for a powerful computer, this is a really great option! I have never regretted treating myself to new technology and you should do the same. Nothing worse than a slow computer for your productivity.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2CSBG11TGRI5Z": {"By: ": "TwilightSparkleFanboy", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best Bang for The Buck - Full RTX 2070", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I was in the market for a laptop that had the full RTX 2070 card and not the 2070 Max Q. I searched high and low for quite a few months so I could upgrade from current MSI GE72 6QF Apache Pro running a GTX970m and I'm glad I was able to find that upgrade with the MSI GL65 Leopard.\n\nThis laptop is a powerhouse, the moment it arrived I put it through it's paces and ran all the latest triple AAA titles on it from Call of Duty Modern Warfare (2019), Red Dead Redemption, and Death Stranding and not once did I experience a drop in framerate gaming at 1080P in max settings. I was astonished to say the least. I then tried 1440p gaming at max settings and although I did see a drop in framerate I still managed to get 50 to 60 FPS on high to max settings.\n\nThe laptop itself is pretty solidly built there is plastic parts to it and it is a smudge magnet, but overall solid and with the specs it's packing I could care less. I'm a gamer, I only care about the performance and the open mesh back only adds to the cooling capability of the laptop under heavy workload. I do like the extra turbo fan feature MSI seems to have kept from it's past laptops.\n\nThe only issue I had with it was the camera and battery life, but hey if you are going to buy this for gaming and want the best bang for you buck look no further than this laptop. You won't be disappointed.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R37R1STXHQL65S": {"By: ": "Kris", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Killer Value (i7/GTX 2070 Max-P) at $1399", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I purchased this for one thing and one thing only: gaming. I wanted something portable, powerful, and at a reasonable price point and the GL65 hits all those marks. The machine is mostly plastic, but it doesn't feel \"cheap\". It feels solid enough and looks decent. Hard to beat the price/performance ratio you can get out of this machine at $1399 with the i7, 16GB RAM, and RTX 2070 Max-P. I briefly considered getting the GE66 with 2070 Super but the premium is just not worth the modest performance boost. The fans do get quite loud when gaming, but it's not so bothersome since I usually wear a headset anyways. Thermals are decent and undervolting the i7's core/cache is pretty easy. The panel does have some moderate backlight bleed around the webcam at the top, I think it's the plastic bezel cover putting pressure on the LCD but it's not a big deal. Otherwise, the panel is bright, good colors, and looks really great with the fast refresh rate (144hz). Would have been nice to see this machine with an AMD Ryzen CPU option, but alas...", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RFANBQZU9WP6T": {"By: ": "Sparro", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Definitely worth the price if you get it on sale", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Got it for about $300 off list price and boy, it's a solid laptop. Just make sure you uninstall the pestilence that is Norton and install something more sensible.\n\nCapable of outputting 4K signal to an external monitor/TV, but wasn't getting a great frame rate on my Samsung TV - it's still a laptop after all, and it still has to deal with outputting signal to the integrated monitor at the same time. Mirroring the display gave it some gnarly lag on the second display, but that might be my TV. With some settings tweaks, I might be able to get it to behave better, but if you're expecting to use it for 4K gaming on a secondary display, this might not be the laptop for you.\n\nThe RGB keyboard is pointless, but pretty. The trackpad is suitable. Honestly, I can't think of any complaints. This might be in part because the last gaming-quality laptop I got was from something like ten years ago... It's a hefty upgrade from that old boat anchor!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2OJYCGUWFN84Y": {"By: ": "J. Follette", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "this is a BEAST!!!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "this MSI machine is a BEAST in a small package! So far we can play any game we have on high settings. We did do a few minor upgrades on it before we really started diving into it, put 32gb Ram in it and put a second 1tb ssd to handle most of the games. It can get noisy at time, but most laptops do kick the fans into overdrive when maxing out the hardware with some graphic intensive games. The battery of course isn't the greatest when playing games, but again, that is to be expected. The biggest disappointment I have for this machine is the location of the power input, it is in the middle on the right side, when nearly every other machine has them towards the back or even at the back, this one has to go and do that. Not a decision killer, but really a nuisance. I would tell others to buy this if looking for a awesome gaming laptop.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3HJO9P0AOMOE4": {"By: ": "stephanie smith-sham", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great for productivity and gaming!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The laptop is great. It has beautiful aesthetics. Very fast and the graphics are great. The temps while gaming (Warzone, Doom Eternal) were high at first around the 90-degree C mark. I simply set the maximum CPU power to 98% through the control panel and now I play at around 60-65 degrees Celcius in high settings. It will work great for school although my battery is having trouble giving me accurate readings on how much life I have left. I think its safe to say power saver mode gets you 3 and a half to 4 hours of battery life. This is a small issue given that I am plugged in most of the time. I recommend this product and will be using it for college as well as video editing hobbies and gaming. USB port placement isn't the best but with this deal, I can work with a few minor quirks. IPS display is beautiful by the way!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R23HFF9M6GVX84": {"By: ": "JordLL", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best Laptop I Have Ever Bought!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "What's not to like? The laptop is quick in all senses of the word. It boots up in less than 20 seconds, opens windows practically instantly, and plays games like a champ. I mostly use it for business, but if you are a light gamer like me, this laptop is phenomenal. You can play games on the highest graphic settings (and the graphics card is amazing!) and have no issues. If you are not a gamer and still want a fantastic laptop, this is also for you. The only negative things I have to say is that the fan is loud when at full speed, and the speakers are sub-par. That is hardly an issue though, compared to all the positives. At a $1,400 price point, you really cannot go wrong with this (MSI GL65 Leopard 10SFK-062). Completely worth it!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R12W0ES1FO93AQ": {"By: ": "Tim D", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Price point gaming laptop of 2020", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Excellent value for money gaming laptop. You cannot beat it for the price. I researched for a solid 3-4 weeks and I kept coming back to this one. Save yourself some time and just get it.\n\nOnly complaints are fairly in line with the other reviews - speakers are tinny, and fans are loud when gaming - but these caveats are easily solved with a set of headphones which most gamers are using anyway. Yes the power port is in an annoying spot, but you get use to it and I get the feeling it was put there in order to not compromise the cooling system. (I've not yet opened up the back so cannot confirm this). These are the only reasons I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars.\n\nThe screen is amazing and rgb keyboard is ridiculously configurable, though I ended up just using a solid colour its nice that you can change it if you want to and adapt it differently for games.\n\nPerformance wise, its a beast. Happily runs my entire library on high everything and I feel it will for at least a few years - there are plenty of guides around for undervolting if temperatures get high, but mine has been okay out of the box so far.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2I8S1IY6Z0MSK": {"By: ": "pug", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Quality to Price Ratio for Gaming", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Context:\nI am a casual but enthusiastic gamer.\nI most frequently play Elder Scrolls Online (MMORPG), and I like to turn the graphics up as high as I can without causing the game to freeze.\nI'm coming from an HP Omen that's a couple years old.\nI considered offerings from Origin PC, but ultimately decided this was a better value.\nThis is not a dedicated gaming rig. I use it for everything.\n\nIMO, this is a great gaming rig. Sub-$2k and has an RTX-2070? Great deal, and a nice step up from the GTX-1060 in my Omen (not a jab at Omen, I could have bought newer gear from HP instead of MSI).\n\nPlaying ESO with the old Omen, I kept my graphics settings near the upper end of medium. The game would occasionally get freeze-y with a lot going on, but would be tolerable enough. The fans would howl every time I launched the game, and continue running like jet engines until I quit. I occasionally kept my game running in the background and open a web browser for a few minutes, at which point my GPU usage would jump from around 80% to pegged at 100%.\n\nWith this machine, I've pegged my graphics settings in-game -- everything is set to its highest value (except particle suppression distance - it's at 75%). The GPU still pegs 100% if I also open a browser, but without the browser I hover between 65-78% GPU usage. I was expecting hurricane-force winds at these settings, but I barely even notice the fans. Graphics are quite noticeably improved, and the game has not yet lagged or frozen on me.\n\nKeyboard -- I like it. Soft but not mushy.\nMonitor -- not 4k, but a great monitor considering all else included at this price.\nSpeakers -- garbage. Unless I've missed some important set up step that improves the output, these speakers are tinny and harsh.\nSound quality through good earphones -- excellent. Nahimic is awesome.\nData storage -- Subpar IMO, but again, at this price/hardware combo, definitely acceptable. I bought an SSD separately and plan to install it soon.\nLongevity -- no idea. I've had this machine for a couple days.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1PSJV3RFHEKUX": {"By: ": "Hector", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best Value", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I purchased my GL65 Leopard after doing extensive research on other laptops in the price range of $1100-$1500, and I can say this is without a doubt the best bang for your buck. It is immensely powerful with the i7-10750H and RTX2070 combo, no other laptop around this price point offers both. You may choose to upgrade RAM and storage, but every game I have tested on this runs on the highest graphics settings without a worry. The fans aren't any louder than similar gaming laptops, but if you're expecting a quiet rig you will sacrifice performance or be paying a lot more. Overall extremely satisfied with my purchase and will be buying MSI again in the future (Which won't be for a while because this laptop is fairly future proof!)", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R128R4CPDEHYOT": {"By: ": "Michael Lubker", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Performs at a level I have not experienced in a gaming laptop before", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I\u2019ve been using the GL65 for a networking event for my job. It absolutely performs at a level I have not experienced in a gaming laptop before. The thermals stay at a very manageable number while under intense load and there are a bunch of fan controls to ensure your experience stays cool during those long gaming sessions.\n\nThe expandability of this model takes a hit vs the GP65. I believe this model has one less nvme slot. In all honesty, big whoop. You still have the ability to upgrade ram to 64gbs and you still have a slot of an extra SSD. You will be alright.\n\nMy model is the 10th gen i7 and the RTX 2070. I feel it packs the largest punch out of all of the competition at this price point. You want this experience.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3PLKZFBOX8WWJ": {"By: ": "DPol", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Excellent Performance, Great Price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop has been amazing to game with. It handles everything I throw at it on the highest setting. The laptop handles well both plugged in and unplugged with the only drawback being the amount of noise the fan might produce. The noise has not been an issue as I only use headphones but others in the room will definitely notice. The RGB illuminated keys are nice and the built in software to customize the colors and bindings are a great addition too. I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking at this price range.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R331LFPBW5QHDR": {"By: ": "HappyHippy3D", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing Laptop for the price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Full transparency I have had this laptop a total of 2 1/2 days so time will tell if it continues to be a 5 star laptop. So far I really like this computer, the screen and keyboard are both really great. That said if you are buying this for the built in speakers, look elsewhere they are not very good, just wear headphones... really. Like another reviewer, I have been searching for a few months now for a good value gaming laptop. The fact that this has at 2070 and a 10th gen i7 makes me very happy. I could not find another laptop with these specs at this price.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R27H07RCOZG4WF": {"By: ": "Lanb", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best Computer I've ever Owned", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The computer was easy to start up, and was ready to go right from the box. The display is excellent especially for the price, and I like the RBG keyboard. It has a mechanical feel, but isn't noisy. So far any game that I've tried playing has worked great with no or very minimal lag (barely noticeable if you aren't looking). The battery life may not be best if you plan on not connecting it for many hours on end, but I don't think that will be a problem for me since I plan on using this mostly at home and no more than three hours away. At half charged the estimated power is at around three hours. Overall an upgrade from my previous computer, and I like that this model has the option of upgrading some components unlike other laptops. If you plan on using this laptop for broadcasting or recording videos I recommend using an external webcam. The camera is a bit grainy, but I expected that and it wasn't a feature I expected or needed. I haven't tested the mic yet, but I use external microphones anyway so I'm not to concerned with the quality of it regardless.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RDMT7MMCAMDYZ": {"By: ": "Peter LeBlanc", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing Value", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Very impressed with this laptop. Feels lighter and higher quality that I was expecting. Performance is fantastic. I've replace both my old desktop and my old laptop. There is some thermal throttling when pushed very hard, but I've never actually noticed an impact of it while working or gaming. Battery life is not impressive even on eco, but with this much punch under the hood that's not too surprising. I don't notice any battery drain while plugged in even when putting extreme loads on gpu and cpu together. I've also used for VR with oculus quest and it runs everything I've thrown at it so far. There have been some major annoyances with windows 10 limiting performance on some tasks,but once I found the right box to check/uncheck those issues went away. So far I haven't seen another system that comes close to the value on this one. Very satisfied with my purchase.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R17JITY8U9LNDU": {"By: ": "Gamer", "Stars: ": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Very specific use case", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Absolutely unusable on battery. Lasts <1 hour. Fans sound like a rocket taking off as noticed by other reviewers. Only good use case for this laptop is if you need a powerful gaming computer but you move too often so it's not feasible to keep moving with a desktop. Otherwise you are better off buying a desktop with same specs which might be cheaper overall if you already own monitor, keyboard, mouse etc.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RJCDMZZBH0WCD": {"By: ": "Michael Thomas", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Laptop for 2020 Gaming, Mediocre Speakers", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I liked:\n- Price (much cheaper than 2070 RTX laptop alternatives)\n- The screen (144hz, 1080p, beautiful)\n- Keyboard (great feel/responsiveness and fun color swapping on keyboard)\n- GPU/CPU power (great for gaming 2020 and beyond)\n- Temperatures (stays well below 80c, sometimes not even 75c, under heavy load)\n- Size/portability (thin, fully ready to move)\n- Microphone/webcam (much better than the one I had on a recent gaming Acer model)\n\nI dislike:\n- The speaker volume (it's a bit low and, when sound does come through, it just isn't very crisp/strong)\n- Fan volume (when under load, the fan tends to get a bit noisy, which is made worse by the poor speaker not being able to drown it out much)\n- Battery life (to be expected of course- this is a gaming laptop so don't expect much without a plug)", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R27L218AG0VKDM": {"By: ": "Jason S. Wathey", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "1st Gaming Laptop!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Writing this review with the intention of updating later. Purchased the GL65 with RTX2070, 16gb ram, 512 nvme. Added a Samsung 860 1tb once I confirmed everything was working correctly, will most likely bump to 32gb ram as well. As an aside, I have owned many laptops and have built my own desktops since 95ish. Really excited to see what this little guy can do!\n\nSo far everything is amazing, downloading Doom (2016) via Steam at the moment. Had some problems redeeming the Death Stranding offer and the error 500 message states to try again in 24 hours. Not that is has anything to do with the laptop, but a freebie should work...", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RWHN317A2KYDY": {"By: ": "Casey B.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing Value and Performance", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Absolutely love it so far. The thing runs like a dream. Aside from startup which seems a bit slower than a much older model but perhaps that has to do with the power levels we are working with here. Startup still only takes less than 30-40 seconds however my old gl62m 7rdx would start up in about 14 seconds from full boot.\n\nPerformance: I have only run Apex and Valorant on this thing so far as to test the graphics, but both run great. Apex on full graphic settings feels buttery smooth and the 144hz monitor has made moving and turning in Valorant feel amazing compared to the old 60hz I have been used to. I am excited to test this out also on RS6 Siege, Total War Three Kingdoms, Black Ops, and CSGO. And it seems to dissipate heat MUCH better than my older model gl62m aswell. I would see averages inside the 90s 95-98 sometimes on my old one. I haven't seen this go over 75-80 degrees so far whilst playing. Just did some undervolting as well to see if that keeps it even cooler!\nAs far as workstation performance is concerned running Ableton on this machine also feels amazing, and my interface was running great even at very low buffer rates.\n\nDesign: Beautiful feeling and looking keyboard. The keys feel solid. The lighting has different modes, though the solid color available from the Steelseries engine doesn't look as great as the different flowing gradient options. The screen is nice and bright. The size is great and it doesn't actually feel very heavy and is very easy to take with you to a different room, on the go, etc.\n\nOverall: Love this thing. For the price I don't think you could beat it, even building your own PC with these specs would come close to the 1400$ I spent to get it all in a laptop! Love it, thanks MSI for this great deal.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3231SE7XJUHC2": {"By: ": "Aisling Boyd", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Good laptop, great audio experience, weird add-on software", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Had this laptop for a while now and am generally pleased with it, especially compared to my old laptop (competing brand) which finally started failing after about eight years.\n\nThis is a very well designed laptop with all around great components. I mostly stay plugged in so I can't comment much to the battery life, but the drain from the 144hz screen along with the power hungry 2070 and 10th Gen i7 is about what I would expect.\n\nFeels solid and easier to carry that my old laptop in the same class. If you plan on doing heavy processing in class the cooling system will be disruptive, but for my applications I appreciate the adequate cooling.\n\nI'm a software developer and find the laptop overall great with the smooth text rendering and comfortable keyboard. I also greatly enjoy my audio experience and was surprised by the very well driven headphone out that I normally use an external DAC and amplifier for.\n\nI ended up removing all of the bundled software which caused a very noticeable performance drop on the system and some minor annoyances (dragon center autopinning namely).\n\nOverall I would definitely recommend this system to others. I think it outperforms its price point, especially for the good details.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1FBT15K6HY0ON": {"By: ": "Robert", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Awesome gaming laptop! Wait for the price drops though.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "How I got this for 1400 I have no idea...it's an amazing gaming laptop! It runs Warzone, Apex, GTA 5 @ high FPS. It's very fast, cool keyboard color combos (if you're into that) and I love the option that I can use my Rift S or plug it into the TV if I want.\n\nSome only issues I have, but should not pursuade you on buying this is\n\n- only comes with 550gb ( I bought a 1tb 2.5 HDD and it's perfect now.\n\n- fan is a little loud when gaming and it is hot enough to burn your leg if u play with it on top of you. (I bought a cooling pad for 35$ that should help with that.)\n\n- HDMI outputs 1080p @ 60hz or 3120p @ 60hz, no 1440 or 1600. Those lock at 30hz.\n\nBesides that, I love this computer and could not be happier!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2HPER9R4HC5LZ": {"By: ": "Nathan W", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Powerful laptop, Ok battery life, Great screen.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This is a great laptop for gaming.\nI really appreciate the high refresh rate screen (Seriously guys if you haven't tried high refresh rate you won't be disappointed.), and that it has the power that can run anything I have tried at 100 or greater fps.\n\nPros:\n-144hz panel is amazing.\n-This will run almost anything you throw at it at/above 100 fps.\n-Headphones jack sounds really good.\n-The aluminum finish looks and feels nice.\n\nCons:\n-Battery life is worse than my last laptop at about 2-3 hours.\n-The fans do get loud when running games.\n-The integrated speakers sound terrible.\n-The aluminum finish picks up fingerprints super easily.\n\nDocked 1 star for battery life, and fan noise.\nOverall I would buy again.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R18S1OTYZY4WPQ": {"By: ": "LSun", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great product, very impressed!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I buy this primarily for my study with Machine Learning. The RTX 2070 is a must have for that purpose. Received the product today and this machine looks beautiful. Everything is fantastic out of box. Screen is good, cpu is fast and fan is not that noisy when you not playing games. Sound is ok to me as the expectation is low probably.\nOver all it's a great buy in this price range for the specs.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1D2JOH55XKT4K": {"By: ": "vtwinss", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Affordable, excellent gaming laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This lap top is a replacement for an older alien ware desktop- and it is fantastic. On a game like DRG or DOOM, frame rates run about 170 fps, it has a cooling boost, so it does not have the heat issues that many are reporting with gaming laptops. I added a cooling pad just in case, but it runs fine without it. Colors are beautiful and even the web cam is tolerable. I think the sound is quite adequate, with headphones I am shocked how much more of the sound score I can hear. This unit is a fantastic value and highly recommended!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3HJW2H8EVTHBP": {"By: ": "S. Beladi", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Fanntastic Gaming Laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Very good laptop, had it for a month now and I can run everything on ultra except a few heavier games such as Red Dead Redemption 2 (even then its running at >75fps). Only thing is the battery life is pretty bad if you're gaming, so it needs to be plugged in if you plan on gaming for more than 2 hours. Definitely worth the price... did a lot of research.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1VXAMQOIUL85N": {"By: ": "SPN", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "So far so good, a great laptop for the price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I've dabbled in desktop PC gaming for years now, but this is my first proper gaming laptop. I searched around for a while for something I wanted in my price range and after all the research and reviews, settled on this MSI machine. It's been very good to me in my first month of use. Here's my own quick list of good and bad - I'll look to update this six months in or sooner if any issues arise (hopefully not of course).\n\nGood\n-The RTX2070 card is great for the gaming I've been doing, runs everything I've tried so far at high settings and I should be set for a few years at least.\n-Same for the 10th gen Intel CPU - great processor for the price\n-The 144 hz monitor looks great (I'm no expert in these things, but to my untrained eye, it's stellar)\n-Temps have been OKAY so far, not great, but far from crazy hot (a little tweaking here goes a long way). Which is all I need from a laptop with these kinds of parts inside it\n-The light up RGB keyboard is quite nice to look at, and can be customized with different colors, etc.\n-Plenty of ports, including HDMI out, mini-display and USB-C\n-Build quality itself seems solid/sturdy enough so far\n\nNot so good\n-Speakers are....not great. I wasn't expecting top of the line sound or anything, and it's....fine? I would recommend headphones if sound quality is important to you though.\n-It is a fingerprint MAGNET. I've never had a machine pick up my prints like this one does.\n-Battery life is as bad as you've read elsewhere. It doesn't bother me, though, because it's pretty much what I expected to get from a gaming-centric laptop. If you're planning on using it on the go a lot, you might want to consider something else.\n\nOverall, it's been worth the buy for me and I'd easily recommend this machine to anyone else in the market for a gaming laptop in this price range.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3NV6KOTC12DVE": {"By: ": "Andrew Roxburgh", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Powerful laptop For a competitive price!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "After weeks of searching for a laptop powerful enough to be able to use for work I settled on buying a gaming laptop as it would provide the best balance of productivity and leisure. I watched loads of reviews after coming up with a budget and after some days I stumbled upon the msi gl65 10sfk by accident whilst reviewing an asus tuff laptop.\nI was very surprised to when I looked at the specs in the same price range and myself was skeptical because i had never heard of the msi brand before. ( leading to another 3 days of research and reviews ). This machine is exceptional after owning I highly recommend buying. It does have little quirks but overall the drawbacks ar minor compared to the positives.\n\nScreen: looks really good\nKeyboard: Feels great, spacious and responsive (The font used on the key is weird but is little issue )\nPerformance: just all the other reviewers have said prior is Exceptional, lightning fast\nBattery Life: poor-medium due to the power hungry hardware. (however if you research how to optimize the pc for battery life you can get 3-4 hours of browsing, not doing so keeps the nvidia gpu working and drains the power)\nSpeakers: The speakers are not great for music and do sound tinny. nut they are clear and crisp and have above average volume. ( the audio quality through a headset or Bluetooth speaker is amazing, my old Sony speaker sounded completely different than all the other devices I ever connected it to.) You can also use the nahimic software to improve the speaker quality SLIGHTLY.\nThermals are pretty ok as msi allows higher thermal limits due to the good cooling allowing you to squeeze more performance out of the hardware.\nSize: not thin but very manageable\n\nIf you are ok with being plugged in while doing power hungry tasks, ready to use a headset when you want quality audio, not adverse to a weird font and willing to use the internet to help with optimization and features you will be very happy. If your only focus is gaming you can stop reading reviews and hit buy because this thing is a BEAST.\n\nTip for buyers, go to you tube and find the \"MSI HOW TO\" official channel and the quirks become a lot less difficult to figure out. Oh I forgot the rgb keyboard is great (just isn't my thing).", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71s5jvrCZpL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R3S93VFBF3ZKWO": {"By: ": "Aaron", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best Price to Performance Ratio", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Compared to other laptops on the market, you're going to be hard pressed to find a laptop with similar performance for the price. The fit and finish is great, and it wasn't too difficult to add a standard SATA drive as well. My biggest hesitation while looking for a laptop was the screen. The response time, refresh rate and color gamut are fantastic. This is my second MSI laptop, and I don't think I'll be changing manufacturers anytime soon.\n\nPros: Price compared to other i7+2070 laptops, screen really is fantastic.\nCons: Lots of plastic, built in speakers are pitiful. (But really, who uses built in laptop speakers?)", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1I503VEWF7SKJ": {"By: ": "Kindle Customer", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Laptop!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I had read a ton of reviews and watched a lot as well for the best gaming laptop I could get around the $1500 range. I was coming from a GTX 770 so this was a major upgrade. I wanted to future proof myself a bit while also not killing the wallet. The laptop has great screen resolution. I played all my games on ULTRA settings with no issues. The RGB keyboard (i was coming from an old PC) was a nice refreshing upgrade of levity. As stated by many other reviews, the battery life isn't the longest but this fits the bill for me. I wanted something that I would pretty much use at home plugged in and when needed, I could transport a gaming beast without having to lug a tower and monitor etc. Speakers leave more to be desired but honestly, I use a gaming headset and don't even think about it. Especially since I don't want to deal with any fan noise. All in all, considering the price and GPU/CPU u get at this price, it can't be beat.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1KHYAIYYKVEY2": {"By: ": "JASoran", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Solid gaming rig with many customizing options", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I was so impressed by the GP65 Leopard that my teen son bought that I upgrade my HP Envy laptop with this GL65 Leopard model. (Intel i7-10750, 16Gb RAM, RTX 2070 GPU, 512Gb NvME SSD)\n\nThe computer is solidly built and has a bright, crisp screen. AAA games run fluid at the highest detail settings. The Dragon Center utility easily allows you to change preset operating modes from silent / long battery to high performance for gaming without having to go through the usual windows submenus.\n\nAudio quality is great and the Steel Series keyboard with individual key RGB settings allows you to make custom keyboard illumination configurations that can be tied to change when you launch a game. It's the perfect way to illuminate only the relevant keys for that game, turning your laptop keyboard into a customized gaming console for each of your gaming experiences.\n\nI would highly recommend this model for anyone looking to invest in their first gaming laptop!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R68HKCSMHAPTF": {"By: ": "Julio C", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great laptop you will not be disappointed, others sell for more and you get less!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Amazing laptop, has performed flawlessly since I received it thus far, screen is great and everything looks crisp and vivid. The onboard speakers sound a bit weak but I didn\u2019t buy it for sound quality. The laptop feels very sturdy and as others have mentioned your fingers will leave their mark on it. You won\u2019t hear the fans if all you are doing is browsing around or doing some regular work but they can get a loud under a heavy game session. You can try the cool boost option just to get a sense of what it would be like under a task or game that pushes it. The power brick is indeed big and heavy and gets a bit warm, unless you are going to be hauling this laptop around that is no issue. I haven\u2019t tested battery life but read quite a few other reviews and know not to expect beyond 4 hours of it (and that\u2019s non gaming hours). The keyboard is just beautiful with its led array and different presets so the colors just dance as you use it or you can make your own pattern with the installed software. The touchpad feels really smooth and you finger just glides on it and the tap to click is very responsive unlike other touchpad\u2019s I\u2019ve used in the past. Once I get around to some heavy gaming i am sure this laptop will be able to take anything I throw at it with no issues with its powerful processor and monster of a video card, hands down best PC/laptop I have ever owned.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R34JMSISFCHHY5": {"By: ": "Dale", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "A great laptop for a great price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I have been building my own PC's for gaming since the late 80's. Granted in the last 10-12 years my system builds have become a bit more budget minded due to having a family and other responsibilities. This laptop has everything I would want in a new desktop build and probably more than my normal budget would allow. The screen is amazing, the RGB keyboard is hypnotizing (according to my wife and kids) the power of the CPU&GPU is extremely good. Everything I have thrown at it has run great 100+ FPS. I also really like the MSI tool for adjusting gaming mode, I was able to run it on silent playing Assassins Creed Odyssey with barely a hitch in the graphics and not a peep from the fans so my family could watch TV and not hear fans all night. Even in normal mode with the fans allowed to adjust automatically my son's comment regarding the fans was \"This laptop sounds like it's talking where your old laptop was screaming\" lol My only critique is the screen has a bit of light bleed at the edges when it's at max brightness but this might just be mine. I haven't contacted MSI support yet to find out if this is normal. Overall I am very satisfied with my choice, I looked at several other gaming laptops in this price range and kept hearing how good the MSI was and knowing MSI has had a very good reputation for a very long time it was't hard to make the leap.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3NOXAZ7W9VQG": {"By: ": "Katie Davis", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great laptop for the price, lack luster battery", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "One of the cheapest laptops with a 2070, great display with snappy controls. Fans do get quiet loud just like many laptop fans, would recommend a good headset also because of there \"giant speakers\" which are OK at best. Although your not buying a gaming laptop to listen through the speakers anyways. Lastly the biggest fault of this laptop is the battery life, lasting about an hour while gaming. Still a spectacular piece of equipment for the price, I cant complain with my purchase.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2F53JK746MYYL": {"By: ": "Henry Zhu", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Powerful, portable, silent", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This machine is insanely fast. All the games I throw at has ran tremendously above 60 FPS on max settings. I had to disable hairworks(not optimized) on certain games since it's not worth the extra processing power for sacrificed frames. This thing is dead silent on IDLE, I have previously owned many laptops but the MSI GL65 is just that silent cat but a killer machine within. Obviously when playing high demanding games, the fan ramped but not enough to annoy me. I actually like the speakers, it's decent but not high fidelity which is my only gripe with this laptop.\n\nEverything else, this laptop is beautiful and colorful, the RGB keyboard can be reprogrammed individually or in groups of keys. It's very aesthetically pleasing and I think MSI did an amazing job with their design. The chassis is made completely in full hard but high quality durable plastic, not cheap by any means. For a GL series, this is expected but for the price you get for the hardware inside; it's a superb deal any day of the week. The RTX 2070 is a beast that paired along side the newest 10th gen i7 6 cores processor, it's insanely fast and eats anything you throw at.\n\nI will conclude that anyone is looking for a mid-high tier gaming laptop, look no further than this. At $1399,00 USD, it is a steal. It's a must have for gaming enthusiasts.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/716oijXbo3L._SY88.jpg"]}, "RFO52E27W3ECH": {"By: ": "Joseph Daniel Guadarrama", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Worth its weight in gold!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This thing is an absolute monster of a laptop. High-Ultra AAA gaming? Check! HD VR gaming? Check! Low profile frame while keeping aesthetics? Check! Plethora of ports for almost everything? Check! What's not to love about this laptop?\nEven with high praise, there are still a few caveats to keep in mind. The USB-C port does not support video out. It is only data. The fan runs pretty loud. This is fine with me tho because it keeps the GPU and CPU at a manageable level, even while I have Solidworks in the background and playing Destiny 2 in High Settings. I would rather have a loud fan over thermal throttling any day. The battery is not gonna last long, but hey its a gaming laptop what did you expect? The Screen is LCD which is great for some people but if you are looking for any OLED, you might need to spend a few extra hundred. Personally I don't mind the LCD screen since I have the laptop hooked up to my 4k tv.\nBottom Line: This laptop is great and will absolutely shred anything you throw at it. I have not seen it stutter or hiccup once while I was running a bunch of different things. Absolutely recommend it to anyone looking for a desktop replacement.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R6Z66R5MNORSW": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Laptop To Get Used To", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Spent a lot of time researching laptops and finally ended up going with this bad boy. It is the best bang for the buck, and performs very well. Everything is super snappy and have had no performance issues after a week of putting it through the paces. It had exactly what I wanted, a 15\" screen (for portability) and a numpad, which is not very common for the size. The keys are, however, a little cramped, and it takes a lot of getting used to. Being I wanted to have my cake and eat it too, I am ok with this so far.\n\nEverything looks great on this laptop and the screen is absolutely top notch. My biggest concern has been the wind tunnel fan on the left side, which when running a demanding game becomes the loudest sound in the room. I noticed this is only when plugged in and running on highest performance settings, but a concern nonetheless. It does mitigate a LOT of heat, and the laptop itself stays nice and cool, so it could be said that it is just doing its job (and pretty well)....just LOUD.\n\nOverall: A fantastic laptop with just a few quirks to get used to. If you do not need a numpad and will do a lot of typing, this may not be for you. If you want gaming performance and are ok with some fan noise, I would 100% recommend this!", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61u3WozziXL._SY88.jpg"]}, "RAMZ3IXAIH19R": {"By: ": "David Garland", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "GREAT LAPTOP for gaming and portability", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I purchased this laptop with the thought in mind to travel but also to bring my games with me. I am pretty happy with the quality of the laptop. It seems pretty durable and its well packed to support new games at the highest level to date. Only cons to report would be battery life and fan noise, however, these were all expected upon purchase. I would rather have fan noise than thermal throttling any day and I hope you would too ;). And if you want portability and gaming, battery life will be on the shorter end in pretty much all cases. Neat small perk of this laptop /brand is the customization of the keyboard lights. Overall great laptop, definitely recommend.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2N2H6VSAY760N": {"By: ": "JWF", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Powerful, Portable, And Just What You'd Expect (Great!)", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "i use this laptop for gaming and it performs just as you'd expect it to. the RTX 2070 is a powerful card that runs just about anything you could hope for. Not only is it for gaming, the processing speed and SSD allow for speedy surfing through multiple tabs and the file explorer. I do a lot of art and manage a few accounts, so being able to multitask so many programs at once is just what I needed.\n\nPros:\n- Fast computing and read/write speed\n- Powerful GPU that can run Dota2, LoL, Warcraft, Borderlands, etc.\n- Comes without bloatware installed (except for Norton security...)\n- Very lightweight and easy to transport\n\nCons:\n- The fan is a little loud, but it doesn't matter if you're listening to music or a game. You won't hear it then.\n- Comes with Norton Security installed. Just wipe it off completely and install something better.\n- Power supply brick is heavy, but it should be expected. Not much of a con.\n\nOverall, it was much harder trying to think of cons about this laptop than it was listing all of the great positives. If you know computers and computer statistics, then you can expect this laptop to perform as it should, which is fantastic. If you're just looking for a mid-high range laptop that can handle pretty much anything and excel at gaming, then this is an excellent choice.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2DAN7UZ8FS0R4": {"By: ": "James Giordano", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Beast gaming laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop is an absolute beast for gaming, the rtx 2070 paired with the i7-10750h destroys any game I throw at it, and at a reasonably higher margin than the screen refresh rate. It can run most games on max settings with an average of high 200fps range. The screen is absolutely more than what I was expecting as well, I had many people tell me not to expect much from a laptop screen, but this 144hz 3ms IPS panel is no joke. I have only 2 small complaints about this laptop. One being the fans get a little loud when they ramp up during gaming, but this isn't a big deal for me or most people I would imagine, because if you're using this laptop for gaming as it's intended, you'll likely have headphones on listening to gameplay and or friends chat. Second the battery life is, to be honest, horrible. Even when everything is switched to power saving mode and i'm at 100% battery I only get about 2-3 hours of life when doing even minimal tasks like web browsing or watching youtube/streams. But as I bought this laptop primarily for gaming that's not a deal breaker for me, as I have it plugged it almost all the time. As I said before, these are not deal breakers for me, only small complaints to take note of,.Overall this laptop still deserves 4 stars, I would give it 5 stars in a heartbeat if it weren't for the battery life.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RY627LT3W5RDQ": {"By: ": "Snoeman", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "You're going to need Headphones, but generally pretty good!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "For it's price, this laptop does it's job fairly well! Upon first opening the box it was immediately easy to smudge the top of the laptop, as shown in the photos, but I don't personally care about its outward appearance. The actual laptop was very functional and easy to use right upon opening it. When it comes to getting a gaming laptop, I put it through some stress tests, first of which is Skyrim special edition on ultra graphics. And to my delightful surprise, it ran it lag free! but this is where I encountered one of my 2 gripes with this laptop, the fans were SO loud! But I just put on a pair of headphones and didn't really notice them anymore. The second problem I encountered was its battery life! while playing spore on high graphics, which aren't that taxing on a normal computer, the battery lasted 1 hour... Put simply the battery is bad, but if you keep it plugged in as you play any game, it will work fine! In conclusion, this computer has a total of 2 issues, and both of them are easily fixable! Absolutely love this laptop so far!", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71KtAR-vW0L._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71vkXaSJmAL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R1SNQEG5ZZBTO": {"By: ": "Travis", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "A powerful laptop that doesn\u2019t break the bank", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Great laptop. Construction seems pretty sturdy for a plastic body. Have only used for a few hours but so far it seems like a computer that has great power and speed for its price point. The keyboard keys have a good action to them new, but we\u2019ll see how they hold up as the keyboard gets broken in. I was surprised how big the charger is, but overall the entire computer with charger is still not that heavy. Cooling seems good so far. I think the only thing I\u2019m not a big fan of is the big logo on the front looks a bit cheap, but honestly this doesn\u2019t effect the quality of the computer as a whole. Would definitely recommend.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1K8O7SPPG95LV": {"By: ": "Trevor", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "If you are on the fence. Buy it.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Honestly a killer laptop for the price point. My wife mainly uses this for work. She designs stickers and such! She loves it. The fact the keyboard is customizable made the whole setup worth every penny. I was able to design my own custom layout and design.\n\nI run Ark Suvival Evolved. Which can be a pretty intensive game as far as cpu demand. I booted the game up on low graphics. Nividia has a cool option to optimize the game for you. Which I did and it maxed out the setting and ran smooth. No lag, literally nothing. This laptop runs ark on the highest quality with no problems. In fact it runs it more smooth than my ps4 pro will. I definitely recommend", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2UQ9SW4HHW4LF": {"By: ": "Youngeezy", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "One of the best laptops for the price!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop is honestly the best value laptop that you can buy for only $1400.00. Comes with the RTX 2070 graphics card which can handle any game currently out on ultra settings and the 144hz screen. The closest competitor with the same specs charges over $2000 for a laptop with similar specs. Don't be afraid to pull the trigger and get this laptop as it comes with a 500gb M.2 drive and a spare 2.5\" SSD or Hard drive bay.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R39PZJ4DK10Z3P": {"By: ": "Steve M.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Above my expectations", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "My brother is a web developer and loves to play online with his PC. I play on the PS4 platform, and we wanted to play online together.\n\nHe bought what I thought was just another laptop, but this thing is crazy fast and blows any computer I've ever had out of the water. The multi-colored continuous keyboard is eye-catching. The Camera is excellent and the display is very vivid and sharp.\n\nAlthough i use headphones I tried the speakers out and they are exceptionally loud. Over-all i love this bad boy.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2THQCDWIWIVQ3": {"By: ": "Schweinschmitten", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Laptop with Great specifications for a Great price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I bought this to replace my 7 year old lenovo laptop and so far it did not disappoint. Great screen with a 144 Hz which is a HUGE improvement coming from a 60 Hz and personally, the rbg keyboard brings a smoothing finishing touch. GPU and CPU is quite superior for either gaming or designing needs such as CAD or adobe. So far, the laptop runs great but for the con, I would that the 500 GB storage is quite little if you are gaming. I would stick in an additional SSD or HDD. In addition, the battery life is not as great when unplugged. BUT for the price point and given specs, I dont mind. :)", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3IGH4LPIJAO21": {"By: ": "Brian", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Solid performance", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "My MSI Leopard GL 65 arrived yesterday and I couldn't be happier. All I can really say is it runs everything in my steam library really well, the screen is very sharp and bright and it has an excellent keyboard and trackpad. The computer feels really solid and well built and I think its going to last me a very long time. I did notice that the computer can get hot while gaming so you might not want to play with it in your lap.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3AFPAQUZ55O2W": {"By: ": "Shuang", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Powerful desktop replacement", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Laptop works great for what it was intended to do. Sure it's battery life isn't particularly amazing (roughly 1-2 hours) but that's not why you should be buying this laptop for.\n\nI haven't bought a gaming laptop in years since the alienware m14x r1 and boy was this was world of difference. Its so much thinner and lighter than the gaming laptops of those days and it has full spec graphics card to boot, as opposed to a dumbed down mobile version. I had no problems running all my games at max settings, as well as running my oculus quest via oculus link to play assetto corsa vr. The screen is bright and crisp and the computer boots up fast thanks to the NVMe SSD.\n\nThe only real drawback I can see is that with many modern games taking close to 100gb, the provided ~400 GB of free space doesn't give you much room to work with. This can be upgraded yourself, but you may be voiding a warranty as one of the screws is sealed with a 'factory sealed' sticker.\n\nOverall a solid purchase, at 1400 even some of my diehard build-your-own-pc buddies thought it was a pretty decent deal.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R20AYS8CK2IOTN": {"By: ": "Arvi Balbin", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great laptop for the price.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Great high performing laptop for the price. I was looking around for a new laptop to replace my almost a decade old laptop and this is a perfect replacement. It is probably one of the best laptops out there for the price range especially with what it comes with. I don't play a lot of games that require heavy use of the GPU, but the RTX 2070 is doing wonders to my gaming experience. I am not usually to keen on using laptop keyboards but the steel series keyboard offers a very tactile feel. The webcam it comes with only has a 720p resolution but it does the job when it comes to online video calls.\n\nPros:\nLightning quick start up\nAwesome 144hz screen\nCustomizable colors on the RGB Keyboard\nTactile Keyboard\nHDMI/mini display port for additional monitors\nGood build quality\n\nCons:\nCooling fans can get loud while gaming (a headset can drown the noise out though)\nLarge and heavy power supply\n\nOverall, it is a great laptop and I am very happy it. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for gaming laptop.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1VQEVTOA1VVYJ": {"By: ": "Jeff", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Awesome", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "TLDR: I am blown away by how good this laptop is compared to my old Asus Q503UA. It's so fast that I am having to adapt my workflow to it's speed.\n\nFrom first impression this an awesome laptop and big improvement to my old Asus Q503UA. That's not surprising considering the Asus Q503UA was an older 2-in-1 and half the price but it was shocking nonetheless. Portability is definitely lower because the size of the laptop and the power brick as shown in the pictures compared to my precious. The laptop itself isn't too heavy to me despite it being 9lbs but the I don't know how I'm gonna fit the power cable and brick into my bag. This shouldn't be a surpise though considering this a gaming laptop with an RTX2070. I will update this more throughout but day-1 has been a great experience compared to my previous laptop!", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/710KZM2bZ+L._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71ANKGZb9ZL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71p1bl5dSWL._SY88.jpg"]}, "RT8CT14OIU1FY": {"By: ": "ChrisS1081", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great gaming laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I ordered mine on the 12th and received it on the 17th. I have not had a new laptop since I bought my MacBook Pro back in 2014. This laptop is actually thinner than I expected for all the cooling and specs it has. I expected a thick brick like the gaming laptop I owned before my MacBook Pro. years ago. The keyboard RGB looks really good but can also be toned down or turned off too ( lots of options) if you happen to get tired of it. The CPU and GPU seem to be top notch for this price. It seem if you wanted to get anything better you need to spend a lot more money and the 2070 should be able to handle everything currently you can throw at it. I do kind of wish it came with a thunderbolt port but I guess that was something they had to leave out to make the specs this good for this price point.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R20XVGHK6A6SC1": {"By: ": "Dan", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "An actual gaming laptop.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Run all games smooth butter, fans a bit loud but I think is necessary for the GPU card. I liked the bottom design, seems to have great cooling system. Speakers are bad, but once you add Nahemic drivers it gets better. Screen is awesome at 144hz. So far, very satisfied that it works for gaming. I tried others with RTX 1660 Ti and just couldn't run playable games, by far this is the best value you can get.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3V91OJM5FJRZF": {"By: ": "Ky", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best Bang for your Buck in the mid 1000's range gaming laptops", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I had read a ton of reviews and watched a lot as well for the best gaming laptop I could get around the $1500 range. I was coming from a GTX 770 so this was a major upgrade. I wanted to future proof myself a bit while also not killing the wallet. The laptop has great screen resolution. I played all my games on ULTRA settings with no issues. The RGB keyboard (i was coming from an old PC) was a nice refreshing upgrade of levity. As stated by many other reviews, the battery life isn't the longest but this fits the bill for me. I wanted something that I would pretty much use at home plugged in and when needed, I could transport a gaming beast without having to lug a tower and monitor etc. Speakers leave more to be desired but honestly, I use a gaming headset and don't even think about it. Especially since I don't want to deal with any fan noise. All in all, considering the price and GPU/CPU u get at this price, it can't be beat.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R32C3HH2DLSK7W": {"By: ": "Matthew Hamilton", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing Performance for Value Machine", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This is a great laptop for the value. The RTX 2070 inside packs a massive punch, the display at 144hz refresh rate is beautiful to look at, and the processor keep everything running smoothly. For the price you are getting this laptop at, it is hard to pass up. A must purchase for someone looking for a mid price laptop that runs at upper-mid to low-high end gaming. I have been able to run every game at max graphics (DOOM Eternal, Fallen Order, etc) with 144fps or more. Amazing machine. Only cons are the battery life, which if you are using as a dedicated gaming machine should not be a problem if you stay plugged in, and the speakers can sound a bit tinny at times, but if you use headphones this should be no problem. A must buy for someone looking for a dedicated gaming laptop.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1ON9QXIJ0J2GF": {"By: ": "Michelle", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great laptop; I love it so far!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I've had this laptop for about a week. It's my first gaming laptop and I love it. I'm using this laptop for work, school, and gaming. It does all I need it to with some added flair.\n\nThe graphics are beautiful and my games look better and run well. I like that it's light for a gaming laptop and it's pretty portable. I like the MSI has settings to help protect the battery life for those that are plugged in most of the time. The camera quality is really nice for video calls/meetings. I like that I can use bluetooth devices.\n\nSince it is a gaming laptop, I expect the fan to be loud when it's on full blast. This isn't much of an issue but it can get noisy for those in voice calls. It gets pretty smudgy even if i wash my hands kind of often. It took a bit to get used to the speakers being on the bottom, though I imagine as a gaming laptop it anticipates gamers having a headset.\n\nAgain, lovin' it.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1DM4MQE7FWUE6": {"By: ": "Ms_Snow", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing gaming laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I was looking for a great gaming laptop without exceeding a $2K budget and this laptop is definitely it. The screen resolution, the processing speed, the keyboard and the graphics card are top notch. One has to rely on the power cable frequently but given all of it's specs it's understandable. The speakers could be better but that could be because the audio drivers need to be updated. I'm currently in the process of doing so, will update if it has any impact on the sound quality. Over all I'm extremely satisfied with this purchase, I completely recommend it.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61CTs5bWJjL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/711JYY3rFfL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/719XICj6CVL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71NFOloxL6L._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71O4Gyeh4YL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71PY3WfmQJL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71uaoZJG9yL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R2N13LXJJ3CX10": {"By: ": "Monica Martinez", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "5 star gaming laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Just received it today. Loaded Elder Scrolls Online and all my addons, after getting it all setup. I registered it on the msi website and received and additional 3 months of warranty on top of the original 12. Pretty awesome. Fired up my game withballl setting on ultra high, and was running 90-100 FPS in Capitol Cities during busy hours. Held up same FPS DURING raids. Stayed around 80* without coolboost function, and that\u2019s well below recommendations. Love this thing. Well worth the money, and the best bang for your buck.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2G2CBGN6ESXQ7": {"By: ": "Jeff", "Stars: ": "3.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "It's a nice laptop, but my biggest complaint is the fan noise", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The laptop is great but my only issue is that the fan makes too much noise while nothing is even happening. I opened the league of legends launcher and the fans started going ham. Other than that everything is going smoothly.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3H2D8M0FVKHT5": {"By: ": "Michael Welborn", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Powerful laptop with upgradable ram and SSD", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Worth every penny. Recently started streaming with a couple of friends, and this laptop blows away all of their tower set ups. The thermals are fantastic, and the graphics are amazing. I\u2019ve been able to play every single game I\u2019ve come across on the highest settings. The monitor resolution is a little low compared to some, but honestly if you wanna 4K monitor you can always hook it up. That\u2019s what I plan on doing for video editing. I\u2019m getting ready to upgrade the SSD in the Ram as well. Best laptop I\u2019ve ever owned hands-down .", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3LDDS01LAEZT3": {"By: ": "Romulo Osio", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Monster gaming laptop with slim design.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Love my Leapard; Had a nice gaming PC that was about 4 years old even running No Man's Sky on Standard graphics I would get temps of 100\u00b0C!\nThis laptop runs it on Ultra settings with resources to spare (only uses 30% CPU & 40% RAM) and ahout tops out at about 87\u00b0C.\nEverything is so pretty! And it didn't come installed with any bloatware; Easy peasy clean set up and I was gaming in no time at all!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2J78BECO562EK": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great product, especially for the price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "GREAT product, especially for the price. I've had no issues, besides the fact that it can run hot when you game (that's expected with a gaming laptop). It has extra fans built in, which helps, but if you plan to game, just buy a cooling platform.\nI'm beyond satisfied with this product.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R29QXM2CFM13ZW": {"By: ": "Erplayer", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great value and great config!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This is a great Gaming laptop from a great brand, the config I\u2019ve been waiting for the price. (1399$ at the time of the purchase) .15\u201d inch montitor, 10th gen Core i7 , 16gb ram (up to 64gb) , 500gb Nvm drive( it has an empty 2.5inch for another ssd too) and a full dedicated Rtx 2070! nice cooling system. Well built and feel sturdy. Thumbs up!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RBI4PM2SUVG9J": {"By: ": "Richard Monday", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Very muscular laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop has everything you will need to game in high quality and in VR. You will definitely hear the fans especially during the Cooler Boost 5 feature. However, rest assured it will probably never get dirty inside if you game often and/or run the Cooler Boost 5 from the button on the keyboard. Some people have reported that changing out the CPU thermal paste helps keep temps down but that is risky if you haven't done this many times. Other than running a bit hot under load and very powerful fans, you won't find a better 15\" laptop for the price.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R4B158T6ZMN1M": {"By: ": "Miguel", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "AMAZING LAPTOP! I loved it", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Beautiful laptop I loved it, when gaming on ultra it runs cooler than the asus rog that I had. The only annoying thing about it (EASY TO FIX) is that the \"windows\" key is on the right side. You can just change it on the msi Dragon Center app and then swap the physical buttons on the keyboard (Fn and Windows).", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RA3DL4W48AALV": {"By: ": "Jukes", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Overall a very good gaming laptop for the price.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Has very good specs for the price. Very few if any name brand laptops with a full rtx 2070 and a 10th gen i7 for this price. The screen is absolutely gorgeous. Very crisp and clear, 144hz so very smooth. The fans can get pretty loud but wow they are strong, which is good for gaming. Speakers are pretty weak, they sound like the audio is playing through a tin can, and doesnt get very loud. Battery life is horrible. gets about an hour, give or take, on a full charge. Not super easy to take apart, i opened it up to put a 2.5\" SSD in and it didnt quite snap back together very well. Overall id recommend this laptop.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R97WHUJRJPIK4": {"By: ": "ryan", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "30 minute battery, but powerful machine", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Ok. Well look at these specs, this thing can really handle whatever I throw at it and I really needed something powerful and portable but not necessarily on battery much. That's why I gave it 5 stars. The battery lasts maybe 30 minutes, it's pretty bad! But I'll tell you what, for the money the power is there and I'm not unhappy.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3NGYPMQH91VRR": {"By: ": "Amanda S.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Grab this deal now!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This is a great deal for a high quality computer! It just arrived today and setup was incredibly easy and I was able to start gaming right away. I was a long time MacBook user and initially worried about the transition to PC but this computer is very user friendly and provides a perfect balance between your typical laptop needs (email, work, etc) and gaming. If you are an Apple user thinking about converting - do it now! This price point is excellent for the quality computer you are getting.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2ZUIGE8NSA75M": {"By: ": "Bunnypop", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great for gaming, just a little loud", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "We bought this laptop for our son to join in gaming with us and for him to use for school. It has been great for gaming. The graphics are beautiful and there is no lag. Our only real issue is the fan Which can get very loud. We\u2019ve purchased a cooling pad which helps a little, but it\u2019s still louder than we would like.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3GZGSU3RFUCZ9": {"By: ": "Joyce", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Love it!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I got this laptop a few weeks ago and I am quite satisfied with it. The sound quality is very clear and my laptop does not lag when I play certain games. The keyboard is quite interesting, as it occasionally changes colors, displaying the magnificent colors of the rainbow. There's also the option to save power or to run games at a higher performance with the battery slider.\n\nI wish the calendar could be as easy to edit as it was on my Macbook, but it's not that big of a deal.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3A0ZORFQK0VZV": {"By: ": "Tom", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Excellent specs for the price!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Best gaming laptop I've used thus far and at the time of purchase best specs for the price. Few cons include loud fans (but good temps), and a slight rattle while tapping the touchpad or palm rest. Battery life could also be better.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RO41HX2S87N5C": {"By: ": "Yoloswagftwr", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great for Gaming", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "As you can see from numerous amount of other reviews on this specific lap top, the battery isn't exactly the best, despite it being an lithium battery. However despite this downfall, its specs and capability is incredible. You can't play games without plugging it into power, but when it has enough power, it is a beast to be reckon with. RTX 2070 + intel core 10750 is just amazing. Well here are some statistics from valorant. 240 Max FPS(uncapped), 89 degrees C CPU temp. 144 Max FPS (capped) 80 C degrees. With coolerBoost of course. The fans are a bit loud but that is something you have to deal with. If you want coolerBoost on of course. If you don't want it on, it is silent... usually. Overall a good buy for $1400 dollars. Worth your money. Recommended", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2I6W4JTC745YM": {"By: ": "Liam", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing as a portable laptop!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I'll start with the cons:\n-Horrible battery life, basically nothing.\n-Bad speakers\n-The fans can get load\n\nExcept those everything is pretty much perfect:\n-Great performance\n-Good screen\n-Good build quality\n-Not THAT hot for a gaming laptop\n\nOverall, if you plan on using this laptop stationary, and you need it to be portable just because you move between houses (such as kids with divorced parents) it's an amazing value!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RJK0GG1XSV83T": {"By: ": "Jonas", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Fantastic quality, runs all my games perfectly. Hands down best laptop around this price.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop is fantastic. Been needing a new laptop for a while and I did a ton of research into a quality one with a good GPU, CPU, screen, and thermals. This one performs excellently on all of those and is the best gaming laptop you can get for $1,500 or under IMO.\nKeyboard feels nice, I like that the trackpad has dedicated buttons.\nThe only con would be that the battery life is not ideal, but it's a gaming laptop and does well on everything else so I can't really complain. Lasts about 2.5 hours if not plugged in and not playing games.\nPlay games like LoL, overwatch, CS:GO all on highest settings and it's super smooth. Would definitely recommend at this price.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3VEKPG102DUVA": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "New gaming laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The new Intel chip is pretty nice in this and when it's paired with the 2070 it is great. I play mostly indie style rogue lites. It runs all my games easily with no lag. Heat is moderate while playing games. Love the keyboard and the easy use of this machine.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R258WG4W05DI9C": {"By: ": "Aurora", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great performance great price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Was able to order one when it was 1399. For the price and specs included you can\u2019t go wrong. It runs everything perfectly. Yes when gaming the fans can get loud but with headphones you do not hear it at all and it makes the same noise a playstation or xbox would with its fans on. Rather it be \u201cloud\u201d then cooking and die quickly. Cooler boost reduces temps about 8\u201310 degrees C which he good. Screen is great.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RG90G97RTSB45": {"By: ": "Marc Mart\u00ednez Jord\u00e1n", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "A monster in your hands", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This is probably the best thing you can get for this price. The laptop feels powerful just a second after you turn it on. I've installed on it all the apps that I use to work with in just 10 minutes. It comes with Windows operating system which is easy to set up and ready to use.\n\nThe screens feels amazing, the lights in the keyboard creates a nice athmosphere, of course you can turn it off. Also, a very useful option is to set up the efficency of the laptop in order of what are you gonnado (gaming mode, economy mode, etc...)\n\nThe materials of the laptop feels strong and durable. Also the design is amazing.\nI haven't yet use to play at games but I can feel this laptop and me are gonna be best friends.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3DRD4QQL43WFS": {"By: ": "Shelli", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "GREAT MULTI USE LAPTOP", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I ordered my laptop on afternoon of June 23rd and received it at noon at June 25th. So happy with the fast 2 day prime shipping. Now to the laptop.\n\nGreat sleek design, lot of people have claimed its heavy. It's really not for a gaming laptop. I have a multiple monitor setup and it runs it flawlessly. I played Sea of Thieves on max settings last night and it ran beautiful! I have yet to really open it up with a graphic intensive game yet. But first initial review on it is amazing. Setup was super easy and love everything about it. HIGHLY recommend this product due to what you get for your money.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RIHXHB3G4X856": {"By: ": "Mitchell", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Very impressive product. I'm very picky and with no regrets.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Excellent fit and finish. extremely fast. the sound is bigger than expected, the screen is crisp, the gaming performance is great. I have received way more than expected especially for the price. This computer is in a league of its own at its price range. i will continue to update this should i discover new impressions or disappointments.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1BREDMA5F9KYR": {"By: ": "Nathan Knudson", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Quality and price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I've been looking at and watching the price on laptops with similar specs, when I finally found this one and the price was significantly less for similar specs. On top of that, the fan can do all of the work on it's own, which I've never found possible with a gaming laptop before. It can get pretty loud though, if you're looking to keep it cool and quiet, you'll need to get a separate fan or something to sit it on. When it comes to the actual computers performance, it comes with some great software to help with any headset you plug it, customize the sound, and tinker with how you want your laptop to feel. MSI is a great brand, this is the 2nd time I've purchased one, and this one is a power house for a great price.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R305RFSHJ0QT1K": {"By: ": "Geness Koumandakis", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great performance. Great look.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Very epic! It looks great, very sharp, and the light on the back/keyboard is wonderful. I played Minecraft with rtx and it performed smoothly at the highest settings. So far Minecraft is the only game I've tried rtx on, but I look forward to seeing how well it does.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1GDIXLBAF3L4K": {"By: ": "Sean C. Daugherty", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Awesome!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": " Best laptop I have had, the i7 10th gen preforms well under heavy load (I'm a software developer) and the graphics are top of the line. I like the anti reflective screen and light up keyboard as well. A little loud, but that is expected to cool down the internals with the open mesh bottom. Overall it's a great laptop and I think it future proofs me for while.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71XSqF3uxaL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R1ZKOW9WQ1EZ05": {"By: ": "Manjunath Seetharamaiah", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Worth every penny!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I did a lot of research before settling for G65 leopard, I've reviewed Asus ROG, Acer predator, helios in the similar price range and by far this machine is the best in class.\nI'm very impressed by this beast's performance, it can handle any AAA titles without flinching.\nPros:\nRTX 2070 (8GB)!!\ni-7 10th gen\nPer key RGB (u can customize it to great detail).\nAmazing true color display.\nVery efficient cooling.\n\nCon's\nI would say NONE!\n(I'm not complaining about the battery considering the power-hungry internals)\n\nAt this price, it's a killer deal. Go for it without having second thoughts.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R14MJOWVM9ABPM": {"By: ": "Bradley", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Awful speakers", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I'm shocked at how bad the speakers are. As the laptop is idling, we cannot hear *anything* from the speakers until the volume is at about 31% and during gaming the audio is barely audible at 100%. The speakers are so weak, I'm wondering if I have a lemon...", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2F3CAB6B2HHV7": {"By: ": "Talisman", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "WOW Totally Blown AWAY!!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "So i am blown away by the performance on this laptop.\nThe GL65 rocks.\nGames like Doom Eternal / World War Z / AC Odyssey all running on ultra 144. MIND Blown!!\nIts just unreal the performance on this machine.\nTime to buy more games.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3T1IMO8W7IV9L": {"By: ": "Jason Tremba", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Excellent gaming laptop at fantastic price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Impressive CPU and GPU, IPS-level display, solid amount of memory, good sound, and best RGB keyboard make this a premium gaming laptop that comes at affordable price. I wasn't satisfied with the size of the 512GB NVME SSD that came with it, so I added a 2TB SATA in the available bay. The laptop can be a bit loud when the fans kick in during heavy GPU utilization, but that's expected! Love this laptop.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3PVTDQ61F5DUP": {"By: ": "Brady K.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Just Wow. What a machine", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I don't think I could have found a better gaming laptop for the money. This thing is incredible. Super lightweight but extremely powerful. It handles everything I throw at it.\n\nDon't waste time looking for another option - this one is it. Especially at the price point of under $1400. Can't beat it.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2T7VE78QXHD1K": {"By: ": "Daniel Krawczyk", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "At This Price Not Much Else Competes", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I had been looking online for laptops for quite a while trying to find something with an i7 and an rtx card at a good value. Coming across this laptop I think I put it in my cart immediately and do not regret the decision. The screen is beautiful and the keyboard is fluid along with the power expected from the specs. The laptop does get a but loud with the internal fans but if you can get over that this should check off any box in what you would want out of a laptop. Also the smaller sized ssd leaves hope's for more storage but there is a slot to put additional storage so all in all a cheap upgrade to make a great laptop perfect.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R37QLAPW41Z194": {"By: ": "Emilio", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing gaming laptop, has more pros then cons.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "By far this is an amazing gaming laptop, I recommend this laptop to whoever can afford it. The screen quality is very good, it's a nice thin display. On top of that, it has a good looking keyboard that has soft and quiet keys. The only cons I have are that the fans are pretty loud, and the battery does not last that long. Other than that, this is an amazing gaming keyboard.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RZF2XE1XGRF7P": {"By: ": "Daniel S. Johnson", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Editing and gaming beast", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I did a lot of research into laptops with a processor and graphics card combo that could handle 4k editing, and this was the best value by far for a machine under $1,600. Matched or exceeded the specs of several other laptops in the $2,000 range.\n\nUpgraded the RAM with two 32GB sticks of Samsung 2666MHz DDR4 and it runs like a dream for 4k video editing in Premiere.\n\nOnly complaint is the speakers, which are pretty tinny, but I wear headphones most of the time so it's only a minor inconvenience.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RWP5BZB9J2E2R": {"By: ": "Robert Heintz", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Laptop, huge step up from other $1000 computers for just a few hundred more", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop is phenomenal. The screen, the graphics card, the CPU, it's all fantastic. Games I used to play on an older $1000 laptop look like completely new games. It is truly a sight to see. I would recommend this to anyone. It has a great frame and build, greatly GPU, CPU, RAM, and screen, and it will be able to run anything you need. Great product, thank you MSI.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R8O267VZSGEF9": {"By: ": "laozhao", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Very solid", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I got this when I was searching a 15 inch laptop with RTX 2070 GPU. I liked the build of this computer. I had experience with a Gigabyte model and this feels much better. The keyboard is very comfortable and the build is solid. It is also smaller and lighter.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R116EHHDLSW8FT": {"By: ": "Ross Daniel Weber", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Excellent product", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I purchased this device on a whim, having dealt with MSI's graphics cards when building my own rigs. This comes at a price well worth the specs that are on this portable, powerful product. From benchmark testing this thing for a few on my high demanding games I've got to say it comes up to snuff. The thing does get loud when you run it through its paces but that's what you get when you've got a high end graphics card in the thing. It won't give you the best graphics settings to most new games but you can run this baby on high without having to worry too much.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R35Z6SKZHY8W3V": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Works beautifully", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Laptop worked great from the start, windows setup was quick and easy. Windows boots up quick and the games I've played (mostly Assassin's Creed 3 and Arkham Asylum) run smoothly at ultra ratings Keyboard looks awesome, it's easy to type on, and very customizable (this can be done on the SteelSeries app.) The cooling on the laptop is great, combine it with a quality cooling pad and you can game all day on it (with laptop plugged in of course.) The battery does it's job well, and the ssd has enough space for a good amount of games and works pretty fast.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1IM325530N8DP": {"By: ": "roberto", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "RTX 2070 por debajo de los 1500$?", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Esta laptop es una bestia por el precio por debajo de los 1500 con una RTX 2070 y un teclado RGB hermoso lo unico negativo q puedo decir es el track pad vino con unos raspones en los borde de fabrica y esos botones horrible hace que se vea anticuado para 2020 pero por ser una gaming laptop se entiende q se usara mayormente con un mouse por todo lo demas es una excelente maquina para jugar", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71ZN7RcKWTL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71wMY8JIHJL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R3O864W7LH15FH": {"By: ": "Jon L.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "The Best Specs For Your Price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This is a great gaming laptop that has incredible specs (16gb ram, RTX 2070 & high refresh screen) without having to empty out your wallet completely. I've been able to run a lot of high FPS games so far without issues and can't say enough about how good the games look.\n\nBesides your gaming needs, the laptop has the capabilities of doing anything else you normally want from a laptop.\n\nHowever, as with most gaming laptops, if you plan to push the specs to their limits, you probably want to keep the laptop plugged in or the charger close to you.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R34EOOVSVE9KOT": {"By: ": "NiteDiver", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great gaming laptop!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This product was beautiful right out of the box really impressed. Started up without any issues, keyboard and logo lit up beautifully. Screen size is very well presented, looks bigger than a 15 inch screen.Set up was a breeze in my initial download of a game from steam worked awesome and looked great. Really looking forward to getting to know this machine more.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1CT1BEY3EDIO1": {"By: ": "David Rhodes", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "This computer rocks", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I needed a computer that could travel easily and could play my new Oculus VR headset. Once i got it i ran the SteamVR test and as you can see the performance is fantastic. I downloaded and started playing Half-life Alyx and have no regrets for cost. I would definitely recommend this machine.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61NEs4fnYgL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71wbUsu1hBL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R18RGTYXQC64ZU": {"By: ": "gray mouse 001", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "MSI Leopard Review", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The computer is very sleek looking and heavy in laptop standards. You will probably need to get a cleaner due to how easy the screen and laptop leaves smudge marks. The laptop runs extremely well on Windows 10 and has a steel keyboard, which is a nice touch. The laptop has a variety of ports. If you need to use several usb ports you will need to get/buy an extra usb/port hub. This is my first laptop ever and it seem prett awesome. 4.8 stars!\n\nside note - I bought a laptop cooling fan in my pic. that does not come with laptop.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71JQRGr5CYL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71Vy26bkw1L._SY88.jpg"]}, "R2NKRR1CXSQYYI": {"By: ": "Kevin", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Upgrade", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Got this laptop as an upgrade to my old one. So far so good. It can handle all the games I throw at it with max graphics and good frame rate. The cooling in the laptop if very good. It even has a button next to the power button to turn the fan on max just in case your pc gets too hot. Also comes with nvidia 2070 and 10 gen intel which you won\u2019t get anywhere else for this price.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2G9FTDDCIQYVT": {"By: ": "Joshua B.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Laptop is everything I had hoped for", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop is great for competitive gaming. The 144hz screen is great, the response time is excellent, and the colors are nice. I mainly play FPS games and it suits my needs as a desktop replacement. I mainly play Valorant and get a very consistent 144 FPS. I would say that the laptop is not very portable as the battery life is not great however as someone who always keeps it plugged in, this is not an issue for me. Overall I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend this for anybody who wants a high powered gaming laptop.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RKNC3JVH9JUK3": {"By: ": "Stephanie", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Greatest for price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Laptop is fast and powerful its performance is amazing to play any game and edit photos and videos is really easy to upgrade and the display is 144hz is amazing there is really nothing i don't dislike about this laptop the rgb keyboard is amazing and can be changed and if you don't like the rgb then you can turn it off amazing laptop", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2ZUC9AVZWXNJK": {"By: ": "cesar", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great gaming laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop is awesome, first of all the build quality is allot better compared to my previous laptop legion Y540, the keyboard is also one of the best my first time having an rub keyboard and I\u2019m amazed, screen quality is also really good, tested a few games and they run perfectly on this laptop with no issues", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1E9P2K6J9138W": {"By: ": "Christopher Castle", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great buy. Powerful components", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I especially like the cooling potential during high stress use. I had never seen so much vent area on a laptop. The battery life is a joke when using extreme performance mode. However, the battery holds up fine for browsing the internet for hours in battery saver mode. I like the per key rgb lighting. I can adjust both color and intensity of the keyboard. The portability is great and the number pad is a must for work.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2TRVJIOBDRD5O": {"By: ": "C. Keyton", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Awesome specs at a reasonable price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop has an awesome GPU and processor for the price. So far, the combination of the 10th generation Intel processor, ray tracing GPU, and 144hz monitor, have enabled this laptop to handle the most graphic intensive games and animation programs I have. Will be using this for schoolwork, gaming, animation and video production. I have no doubt it will take any graphics intensive games or processor intensive apps thrown at it, without missing a beat.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3FBZE4IJIZZ72": {"By: ": "Jeremy H", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great buy, a lot of tech in a sleek package...", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I\u2019ve been looking for something powerful, able to handle heat transfer well, light weight and fast. The Leopard is extremely fast with the NVMe SSD, and paired with the RTX 2070 144hz is beautiful! Cooler boost fan mode for extra heat dispersion during heavy gpu/cpu usage. Highly recommend for the price!!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R311B3YJKU12NA": {"By: ": "Martha In LA", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Thin, powerful, great overall", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "A slick gaming computer. It\u2019s a tad smaller than my 2018 version which makes a difference when traveling with it. 512G memory is just right for my use of it and can always add. The fans are effective for continuous use without overheating. Overall a great value and would def recommend.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RQ2IKBYCPHVA8": {"By: ": "The relic", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great laptop!!!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Awesome machine. RTX graphics card handles the best games like a stud. Newest i7 chip is fast. Stays cool while gaming. Super sturdy construction. Great screen response time. Just all around great laptop. I have had the GP73 for couple years love it so much bought the GP65 for my son. Amazing laptop for a great price.\n\nI have been seriously happy with MSI laptops. Only thing I would change is I bought a 1tb m.2 NVMe ssd for it to beef up the storage space.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R26KA9YF0GNEBA": {"By: ": "NT", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "This laptop ROCKS!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop is FAST. It boots fast, opens programs fast, has a comfortable and quiet keyboard - which has a separate number keypad, the screen is beautiful, and it can play any game out there. The price is amazing! You can set the color of each keyboard key - right now mine is set to \"aqua,\" where the keys are an aqua color and the lights come on and off. Some bloatware installed but I was able to delete all of it. Narrow bezels. Just a great laptop. I highly recommend it!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3VX7RXUP7DGL3": {"By: ": "Andrew Scheinman", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Whoppingly fast", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Just upgraded from my older MSI, I really like these machines, definitely can recommend them, this one at least was an incredible deal considering it has a RTX 2070 graphics chip. Note that these are gaming machines, if you're coming over from a mac understand that the trackpad ergonomics are nothing as good as a mac, but then again these are gaming machines .... I use an external mouse routinely, works great, and the hardware is about 1000 less than a remotely comparable mac.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1IHJ6ZOT540I9": {"By: ": "Derek U.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Easy Set Up. Great Gaming Laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This product is just as described. It is lightning fast. The graphics card is fantastic. Best of all is that it is quieter than most other gaming laptops. This a is a great pick up at this price point. The power block is the biggest I have ever seen on a laptop though, not an issue, just big.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1U864DCHE6GY": {"By: ": "Amos", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "First Gaming Laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Ordered on June 13th and received on the 17th. Overall really happy with the performance when playing. The fans can get a bit loud at times and the audio can be a bit weak but nothing too bad. Shiny keyboard is a plus \ud83d\ude2cLooking forward to gaming the next few weeks while in quarantine.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R21SF14QG05UX6": {"By: ": "Jared A.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best bang for your buck laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Got this laptop and I am amazed by the quality and speed of the computer. Really is a great laptop for the money and having the RTX 2070 graphics card is awesome. Handles everything like Modern Warfare with ease and good FPS. Doesn't get too hot although the fans will be loud, as to be expected. Only thing that I do not like is the placement of the charging port, as it is on the same side you would use you mouse with. Overall 9/10 laptop. Would recommend to anyone.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2ZVVCYEN53VD4": {"By: ": "Tia Sayles", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Crisp gaming", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Great gaming laptop for the price. I mainly play Warzone, and the graphics are so crisp my buddy is jealous. There are only a couple downsides in my opinion. Battery dies after one game match, but I don't mind keeping it plugged in when I play. Hard drive space is definitely lacking, but I'm just going to get a an external hard drive to alleviate that. Overall the issues that I think it has are easily maneuvered around and it's worth the price.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2JHVEYIZKZP7J": {"By: ": "Gyterse", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best I\u2019ve ever had hands down", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Is a great computer to use for sure. I\u2019m used to desktop so it\u2019s different that way but it actually beats my desktop by a landslide. If need be and if you know how you could always upgrade what\u2019s inside with a laptop tool kit. Doesn\u2019t exactly come with headphones there\u2019s an extra step to that. Mouse pad feels different to me and no mouse inside. Fits in my chrome book bag as well.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2WUG17SBUM6IK": {"By: ": "Amanda B.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Awesome Laptop!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Ordered on April 26th and delivered on May 7th. Today is my first day with the laptop and so far I'm very excited! It is very fast and the screen is awesome. Bezels are thin and the screen is bright. Came with a good amount of bloatware, but nothing that going through the programs and uninstalling what you don't want won't resolve.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3QXF2PFHG7OM2": {"By: ": "Adrian Martinez-Medina", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Wonderful.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "So far, this laptop is performing wonders. The first game I got up and running was League. Setting up the laptop was easy and there was no need for downloading any extra drivers, just the typical Windows updates. The laptop did have to be plugged in if I wanted my frames to be godlike but that's to be expected. I am content with my purchase and if need be, will edit this post and update those who are second guessing themselves!", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71LUQok7KxL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81BBsedKgDL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R2UDNI0SFMQDMN": {"By: ": "Adam S Hasselgren", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Gaming Laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This is an amazing laptop for the money. I've been looking for a gaming laptop that can handle VR well and this machine is perfect. I have an Oculus Quest and use the link to this machine and has had no issues up to this point. I would recommend this laptop for someone who doesn't have the space for a full gaming PC but is looking for some great performance.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3NH1ELHNFP0OV": {"By: ": "Louis", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Solid Gaming Laptop!!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Everything about this machine is flawless. The RTX 2070 handles all my games at max settings without a problem. Screen is a beautiful 144ghz IPS screen. The RGB keyboard was an unexpected perk. Everything about this was a huge improvement over my last set up. Probably the best bang for your buck out there. Every experience I've had with this laptop has been fantastic. Would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a good deal.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3GOAVGLL04GPF": {"By: ": "Zachary", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Incredible", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "When I purchased the computer it was selling for $1,399, and I tell you what, I could not find a better deal. This computer blows everything else out of the market for it's power to price ratio. The power with the combination of the 10th gen i7 and the full moblie RTX 2070 produce a stunning experience in even the most demanding of titles. If you can pick this up, do it.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R297J8I54BAQ87": {"By: ": "Norbin", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Good for price.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Very hard to pry open for upgrades. Very hard to assemble back too. Fan too noisy while gaming but can be adjusted via an alpplication. Just like the majority who says the sound is awful, it is. But the sweet 144hz display totally makes up for it.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R15WWVKWGC8Y8C": {"By: ": "Oscar Tamez", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "The Best Gaming Laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This is without a doubt is best gaming laptop you can purchase hands down.\nThe Price\nThe Specs\nThe Performance\nGreat Value for Money", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2DIWZ5OGTYFRM": {"By: ": "Jorge Rodriguez", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Excelente producto, calidad y precio.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "La configuraci\u00f3n es grandiosa y el acabado impecable, realmente cre\u00ed que ser\u00eda una laptop grande y pesada pero estaba muy equivocado. lo \u00fanico realmente grande y pesado es el cargador pero es aceptable. la nitidez de la pantalla es incre\u00edble, la consistencia del teclado tambi\u00e9n. y sobretodo la velocidad. me lleg\u00f3 en perfecto estado y super r\u00e1pido. me siento muy contento con la compra.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81orwoDeGdL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R3VHW7SCEFD59B": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Works Amazingly Well With VR", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I bought this laptop primarily to get into VR Gaming. So far I've played most of the top titles (to include Half Life Alyx) on high to ultra graphics with no issues. This is a great gaming machine at a fantastic price for what you get. I'd highly recommend it to anyone looking to future proof their gaming prospects without spending an outrageous amount for the laptops with the RTX 2080 graphics cards.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R39FHBLFSJZS1E": {"By: ": "LeftEar", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Very nice!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "It works way better than I expected.\nFeels well made!\nCooler fan noise is not bothering me.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71laL4JaGYL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R3R72GLN7500PE": {"By: ": "Eddie Escalon", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Beautiful Laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop was one of my biggest purchases on this website and it was 100% worth it. I use to only game on desktops but this laptop outperforms my desktop and has so many cool features that make it an excellent choice if you want to game. from the slim design to the rgb keyboard this laptop is not only a powerhouse but also a looker! 100% satified with my purchase", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1631QAFPYDODZ": {"By: ": "Mitchell", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Took a While to Ship due to COVID-19 but arrived timely.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The laptop looks cheap in the product pictures as far as build quality goes, but it hand the quality feels and looks sleek and not as bulky as I expected it to be. Fans are a bit loud on full blast but its not noticeable if gaming with a headset.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1AG1J101B3JM3": {"By: ": "Spotty", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Another Great Product from MSI", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Great performance, excellent battery life, and a sleek design help make the Leopard a great laptop for a premium price. I was most surprised by how well \u201cEscape From Tarkov\u201d ran, as I remember my main tower not running it at high settings. I saw frame rates that were consistently above sixty with out-of-date Nvidia drivers on high settings.\nThis is a really great laptop! Perfect for gaming.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71EHqDEnBBL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/816aV2bRpXL._SY88.jpg"]}, "RRVIWQACJ262": {"By: ": "Spud", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "It\u2019s a beast", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I love the computer! Outstanding graphics, even though it\u2019s a laptop it\u2019s not truly meant to run on battery power.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1S9XSD0QIBP89": {"By: ": "Trevor", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Performance for Value", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "For a sale price of $1399, the MSI Leopard GL65 is the best bang for buck you are going to get. The fact alone that this laptop boasts a full power 2070 makes it a heavy hitter. The I7 10750H and 144hz IPS-level panel make it a real deal.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R23LB7UE5YDOZ8": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great for the cost", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The cost of this laptop is amazing considering it has an RTX 2070. Would be 5 stars but in the one I purchased the CPU thermal throttles horribly even when undervolted, I had to lower the boost clock by 1GHz to prevent this. However by doing this the multithreaded performance actually increased.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1G3MA696RKEJL": {"By: ": "horn", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Money well spend", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Pretty awesome laptop.\nRunning ultra settings on all my games.\nCooling fan a little loud but get used to it.\nRgb keyboard pretty awesome", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81pRjTTA1nL._SY88.jpg"]}, "RM3NWA079F8XL": {"By: ": "ard78641", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best value out there today!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Amazing system with a few tweaks thermals are great and the 2070 just melts frames!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R15OW99TGC87Y7": {"By: ": "Bryan Farley", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Pretty impressive so far", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Pretty impressive so far, I installed a couple of games and they ran without flaws at max settings. The only complaint is that the keyboard isn't full sized, and... well.. who would expect that.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R16P773G6GEK2S": {"By: ": "Klaus Heinze", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "For the price and components there is basically no better deal on the market at MSRP.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "What's not to love about a RTX 2070 and 144hz panel at this price? Excellent components that produce a buttery smooth gaming experience on the go. This is what I am choosing to use when I'm away from my main desktop so that I can still enjoy all the games I love at high quality graphics and frame rates. Simply awesome job by MSI here.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RSQ4SP1DBSMW0": {"By: ": "steve", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Badass laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This is a rad computer. It can run every game on its highest settings and runs the HTC Vive cosmos flawlessly.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2FGJ9EX1NXTNO": {"By: ": "RENEE M.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Killer laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Fast laptop runs everything I need would recommend at this price.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RQGILEHOUUR9J": {"By: ": "xxCraiggxx", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Worth the buy!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Finally got my laptop the other day and I have to say I am loving it! I was having my doubts at first about getting a gaming laptop but once I received it and tried out the games I was happy what I saw! The performances on games are amazing! I will update my review later on if anything occurs that you should know!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R23K9OD23DN2AN": {"By: ": "Jayden", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "EXCELLENT GAMING LAPTOP, DEFINITIVAMENTE LA RECOMIENDO!!!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "HERMOSA, POTENTE Y LIGERA. LA MEJOR RTX 2070 LAPTOP QUE PUEDES ENCONTRAR POR ESTE PRECIO. \u2b50\ufe0f\u2b50\ufe0f\u2b50\ufe0f\u2b50\ufe0f\u2b50\ufe0f THANKS MSI \ud83d\ude4c\ud83c\udffb", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71SsW9a2m2L._SY88.jpg"]}, "RZ76V216MUMJT": {"By: ": "Ariam", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing gaming laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Really loving the upgrade from my old laptop. Runs smoothly with every game and running multiple tasks. Fan can get a little loud but it's a good pay off with keeping the laptop cooled", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R205BOK7WF1GP5": {"By: ": "Xander", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Very good gaming computer for the price.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The graphics are amazing. The chasis is very rugged very well put together. You can tell its built really good. Definitely worth the price for a good gaming laptop where youre paying for performance and not the name. The key board is the best part its led backlit and changes colors very cool.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2ZDJIIJFK7PKK": {"By: ": "Alexander", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing is all you need to know", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Both a gamer and video editor. The 144 makes its so smooth. The rtx 2070 is just a thing of beauty. Looks sleek and tidy. Premiere Pro like a boss.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71dUWvGUgRL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71dUWvGUgRL._SY88.jpg"]}, "RUHA5JN8ZKJ03": {"By: ": "pauline Bowman", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "the computers great battery dies fast if it has alot of tabs on stuff open other than that and the fan being a little loud but not that loud its amazing", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R24ENU34WZWVNB": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best deal so far", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop is the best grab for your cash. Rtx, 2070, has 144hz AND 16mem? That\u2019s cheap for a laptop with tax to a 1500$. It is great for all entry AAA games this year so far. Only downside is that the storage is a smaller compared to others, and that the plastic shield case is pretty oil and grease staining. Overall, worth my money.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1IGHBLA6P0AT0": {"By: ": "Efe", "Stars: ": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "annoying dark lines on the bottom", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Mine came with a screen panel issue. Due to I'm having an online summer course, I can't request a new one, because I don't have another laptop . I got partial refund instead.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71jf2W6Sv7L._SY88.jpg"]}, "R2WVD7UCLXTODC": {"By: ": "GoodOlTBag", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Exactly what I always wanted!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "2020 ultra settings. Highly recommend for in the good gaming. May consider additional SSD..", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2ZGMY3PG9BHRK": {"By: ": "Edward", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Gaming & Video Editing", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Awesome computer! Doesn\u2019t glitch when processor is working hard. Graphics stay crisp and clean. It works great games and live simultaneously. I also do video editing with it and it works perfectly.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1C2L3P5125K1A": {"By: ": "Daniel", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Great laptop and not at and absurd price", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1AF354KJCHGUY": {"By: ": "David Belts", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Laptop. Great Price.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop has the best bang for its buck I have seen while researching gaming laptops for the last month. Performance is 5 stars. Build is great and sturdy. Other reviews note fan noise but I think that is expected. Bloatware was not as other laptops I have purchased and very easy to find and get rid of. Thanks MSI.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R14R1X6T4NSFFN": {"By: ": "Michael Engelhardt", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great laptop for gaming and general use", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Very well built. Performance is fantastic, has no issues running AAA titles at the best settings. Battery life is very short if gaming, however I knew that going into the purchase and rarely plan to use it off of the charger.\n\nGreat value for the specs, really unbeatable in my opinion.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1R3DGRR8Y0NBG": {"By: ": "Alexander H. Cando", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "solid machine at a solid price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I just bought this last week, but I'm loving it so far. very cool gaming machine, and by far the fastest laptop I've owned. We'll see how it stands the test of time, but it impresses out of the gate!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RUUCZL34J5T2T": {"By: ": "blah", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Very Happy Purchase", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Never thought I would have gotten a laptop, But very happy I did. In WarZone pushing 150fps. When everything is maxed ~110fps. Not much bloatware. I did also buy a cooling pad for the laptop and gpu never above 70c gaming many hours.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RC3G7RZOTO5MT": {"By: ": "Davis", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Good for Price.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I was surprised by this machine and the adaptability of the ssd and ram makes it way better bang for it's buck than other machines and the card puts out the frames for the games I play. So it is a little on the jet plane sound underload but once I put on my headphones it's fabulous.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3E8PDEOO96A14": {"By: ": "Mark A.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Laptop for VR Gaming", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I bought this laptop for VR gaming. I have an Oculus Quest and use the Link to play Steam VR games on the Quest. The computer works perfect with the VR headset. No game has had issues. The graphic card can run anything thrown at it, even the most demanding graphic intense games.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R15T91OMW6N8WT": {"By: ": "Drake", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great laptop for gaming", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The laptop runs great and the cooling is excellent. The fan can get a little loud, but that's to be expected if it's cooling properly. Games run fantastic and look beautiful, and the laptop is surprisingly light.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1BXQ6SG56XWIH": {"By: ": "jose miguel casta\u00f1o cortes", "Stars: ": "1.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Pantalla de mala calidad", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Me llego el d\u00eda de hoy, y de inmediato evidencia que tiene la pantalla quemada en los bordes interiores y lateral izquierdo", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61NYhJRKTOL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61NYhJRKTOL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R1H6EUF7513PUX": {"By: ": "Nicholas Robinson", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Good Gaming Laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The laptop runs smoothly and the graphics card runs well on the laptop. The price is cheaper compared to other laptops.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2P7PDISBPM18A": {"By: ": "Scott", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Awesome Machine.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "It\u2019s quiet, light, and fast. Hell of a price too. Great product.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R14MM98EVJTJ7W": {"By: ": "D. Crew", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Gaming laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Amazing for gaming, light weight and feature rich. Great bang for the buck.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3AQF110Y02PFQ": {"By: ": "Rami Tarakji", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "A Great gaming laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I've been looking massively for a great features in a gaming laptop with an affordable price and I found this one. I would highly recommend it as it will serve you many years to come in a fashion way. The product price and quality are superb. It is highly recommended.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3VUWQSDY38IJM": {"By: ": "Yifan WU", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Strong machine and budget-friendly!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Super impressed on the performance that this machine has, and the price is unbeatable with the spec it has.\nI found myself having no issue pusing AAA titles in high-super high with 100+fps. The build quality is super solid as well. Really happy with the purchase.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R39TS94IGLKS75": {"By: ": "Phillip Laston", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great upgrade for a gaming laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I just upgraded to this from an old stealth. I installed a 2tb HDD for some extra storage because the 500gb SSD just isn't enough for my needs. The installation process was easy. It is a great upgrade from the old and it has an RTX 2070. What more could you ask for?", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2J5P5T5P0NXSM": {"By: ": "Kananart K.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing Gaming Laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "There are no problems so far.\nGreat price for remarkable performance.\nThe keyboard is awesome.\nThe setup was quick and easy.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71qlOM5i6kL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R2VRISA5GHMBJX": {"By: ": "Abby", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Laptop.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I spent a lot of time looking for a good gaming laptop and I'm very glad I decided to go with this one. 144Hz, i7, and rtx 2070? All amazing for the price. I love the look of the laptop and the keyboard is great too. The one downside is the short battery life.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1IGFW5FHI9VC3": {"By: ": "Conor", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great value laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I have had no problems with this laptop so far. It's one of the best for the price if you want the perfect equilibrium between gaming and portability. Battery life is a bit low, but that's to be expected with such a powerful machine.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RHUC80HARIQDL": {"By: ": "Austin Cederburg", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Everything you needed", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I'm not that best a righting reviews but this Laptop is a must. Havn't had a problem with optimization at all. Takes 5 minutes to setup up. Loads games quickly. Sure the fan can get load when on high quality games but you have a headset for that.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2VTUBI5G3H3SU": {"By: ": "Chris", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best bang for your buck!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I was on the fence about buying a gaming laptop for VR, but the power for the price really changed my mind. Solid build, good quality parts, and a really fast GPU. I would definitely recommend it!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R39LOVPREMSTVM": {"By: ": "Pritish", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Value for money", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Overall happy with the device. Screen is nice and you should be able to play most games on ultra 100fps+.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61yAn9u2u0L._SY88.jpg"]}, "R258B2X6K565PF": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Light weight", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "So far so good. Only had it for a weekend and mostly used for gaming. Love the graphics and ability to dissipate the heat load from the GPU.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3OF21JN0MOOIN": {"By: ": "Martin", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "good price very good at gaming hj fps", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "It runs games really good. The fans are not loud. Good price i love it", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71I4ubzI4qL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81JTKjhVYDL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R3DFJ4W4VPHCG8": {"By: ": "cindy", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great bang for your buck", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Great bang for your buck! Just remember to downclock it so it doesnt overheat...lots of guides on the web just google this laptop and downclock.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1S7IEH2XCLDGE": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Performance", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop is amazing when it comes to performance in gaming, it doesn\u2019t get too hot and it\u2019s super smooth. For normal use is great but the only bad thing the battery for mobility. Besides that it\u2019s perfect I would recommend it.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RSB6M9OEYETN5": {"By: ": "jose", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great laptop for architects", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "love this laptop! excellent for architects and designers very fast and fluid", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2XKLBLYEXOCCK": {"By: ": "Junwei Wu", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Overall Best Gaming Laptop!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "With the price of this MSI, I believe no other laptop can beat it. It has superb graphics cards with 500 GB SSD and under $1500!\n\nThe weight is surprisingly light as well, a bonus!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3DET21XC8IN0G": {"By: ": "CJ", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Really good laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I liked the look of it for one, and then using it for adobe or gaming or just work, it has no issues that I've seen. I haven't had a laptop before, but this one feels like it'll last me quite awhile.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1CX5Q8GRIPFBO": {"By: ": "S. Kolleeny", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "worth the cost", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "it can run so many games without lag at once and never overheats, fast delivery and amazing design, love it", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71lhafmXPjL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R1U0W3CQTKPD2A": {"By: ": "aaron tibbets", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great laptop great price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop is a great purchase and the price point doesn't get any better. I am able to run just about any game on ultra settings and still get 144 fps. It does get warm but that's what external coolers are for.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1MBZESCPKYFPX": {"By: ": "Danyell M.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Very satisfied with this product!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop is amazing! Very smooth and fast for anything I need to do. Only downside is the battery life is just OK (less than two hours unless you go into powersaver mode and then can get around 3 hours or so.)", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3KAPEYYGHRT56": {"By: ": "SatinyFeet", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best gaming laptop i have ever owned", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I realy like this laptop i have ever owned. I really liked the design and keyboard. The buildup.. everything. Im so happy. And would recommend it to anyone.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71fFSUJ3GuL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R3UU6AL4XC75MZ": {"By: ": "Christopher W.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Just buy it", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "If you have the means, this is the best bang for the buck gaming laptop you can find. Do yourself a favor anclick the buy it now button.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3U1GI2Z2F1IFI": {"By: ": "Brandon Harrison", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great gaming laptop!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Great specs for a good price. Runs all games I throw at it at high FPS and runs cool. Fans are somewhat noisy when kicked in, but nothing to distract from the fun! Get this now!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3LHB7YP8NQGYJ": {"By: ": "Zane M Dye Jr.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Great laptop for ehat you're paying for. Powerful, fast, great graphic quality. I love that its compatible with my Xbox and controller!", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71eqMayIMBL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R3HLDL7UWXEKZ2": {"By: ": "Paul S.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Good value", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Biggest value is the RTX 2070 graphics card, 10th Gen I7, and 500GB NVME. The laptop isn't the smallest or most portable, but it represents the best value for a gaming laptop with the graphics card and SSD.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RYNPV8QQKM7YZ": {"By: ": "Andr\u00e9s", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Excellent Laptop!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Incredible laptop for gaming and working. Gorgeous screen definition and the keyboard customization is very funny and simple. The only problem is the battery duration, but it's ok. Excellent purchase.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "REJC9JBGBQGK5": {"By: ": "adeem sartaj", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Absolute gaming beast", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Great for gaming, kills whatever you throwing at it. Does sound loud at heavy loads but no issues with headphones on. 144hz display crisp and clear. The bezels are quite thin all around. Love it so far", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2KS5UK4LDIYRG": {"By: ": "Hoa Cha", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "BANG FOR YOUR BUCK!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Laptop has incredible specs for the price.\nBuild quality is good, performance is EXCELLENT, and the price is unbeatable.\n\nTemperatures are excellent while gaming with the fans on max.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2LL3FFWRL7QFS": {"By: ": "Roberto Zavala", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Excellent product for the price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The computer arrived fairly quickly and it exceeded my expectations, every game that I've played runs without any problem at all and even in high settings with the RTX 2070. Totally would recommend.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2R2GNSA6YHTUJ": {"By: ": "Jakob", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing for the price!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The screen quality, keyboard, and casing is great! The actual laptop runs amazing too, highly recommend! The only issue I have is with the speaker quality, but just use headphones.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1CVM7MK5KDM4T": {"By: ": "Jinny ko", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great buy!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Great laptop. and the price I got it for is unbeatable. Love it!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1VT2KPR6QPLUQ": {"By: ": "Vyacheslav Osadchiy", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great product, Fast delivery!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop exceeded my expectations.\nSuperfast boot, great gaming performance.\nThe fans could be a little bit loud.\nOverall the laptop has a good set of specs for a great price.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1B1N8XMZ12YWM": {"By: ": "Jonathan Armfield", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great laptop for whatever you Want to do!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This is one great platform for cad/cam and gaming! I can run all my games at full graphics load without any trouble. And rendering files just takes moments. Best computer ive had by far!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RUFPM4INS0V4": {"By: ": "Cormac", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Superfast, great upgrade", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I really like how fast this laptop runs, it has great heat dissipation. I thought I would install more ram but I haven't needed to yet. Screen has great refresh rate.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RW5G9UOVY7ANS": {"By: ": "Tyler C.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Excellent Performance 10/10", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This PC runs like a champion. Downloaded Skyrim within minutes and started playing on Ultra Settings with no hesitation and perfect smooth linear gameplay. Amazing, would buy again.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R35KU78REE291V": {"By: ": "Ben Reicher", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best price for the performance!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop is just as fast as my 2020 desktop! I can't believe how much performance you can squeeze out of such a tiny form factor! Best purchase I've made all year!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2A3BY33KC0N03": {"By: ": "Ray", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "General info about it", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Generally a decent looking laptop, not really a big fun of the awkward positioning of power cable shown on pic 3. It would have been better in somewhere up. Other than that it\u2019s legit.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61mQNZZMp+L._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71AOHS+dDgL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71sfeHijmFL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R256D50054KZR2": {"By: ": "Mana M.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best gaming laptop I've got", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "If you want a fast laptop, this is the one for sure.\nGreat 144Hz display and my favorite is the customizable keyboard.\n\nDefinitely was worth the money for me.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2Z3U9V59FIIO8": {"By: ": "david todd", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Fan Noise", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Beautiful laptop with great specs. Battery life seems decent for what it runs. The fan noise at idle is almost silent its very nice for taking it to class.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RKSIUD3S3WII4": {"By: ": "Rixiang Zhang", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Love this gaming laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "For sure the best gaming laptop I've ever had. MSI is definitely the brand I'll buy in the future for gaming.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71ORxbXB81L._SY88.jpg"]}, "R38JOZMQ1RWFW0": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best Gaming Laptop For the Price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Best Gaming Laptop", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RV8DH17AZO2EL": {"By: ": "Chris", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Exceeded expectations.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I was really surprised and satisfied with the construction of this laptop. Feels sturdy, has a really cool look, colorful keyboard and overall a great purchase", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R4HLNJAOP6K68": {"By: ": "Nora Adams", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Love", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I just got this and I love it so far. Its fast and lightweight. Easy to not only game but also great for my art.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1MD8Q91OXOTI8": {"By: ": "Mushroom.Logic", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing laptop!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Amazing laptop from an amazing person never had an MSI before but absolutely blown away by the performance definitely an amazing laptop.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1QR5TMMA98PZQ": {"By: ": "Gero Jr.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Really Sleek", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "It's a really good computer, runs really well. I just haven't figured out how to light the RGB on the numbers but is really solid", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3EASS1FWRJ785": {"By: ": "Trevor", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Very good", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Very good laptop for what you're paying for. Powerful, fast, great graphic quality. I really like the ventilation on it. Keeps plenty of air flow.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3AL63Y98AVCC1": {"By: ": "Carmen", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Good", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "It runs the Sims really well but the fans are extremely loud while gaming. Changing the colors for the keyboard isn't the easier to figure out.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2COF9FYNFFC61": {"By: ": "Craig T.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing for the price!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Amazing laptop.\nBeautiful display and very fast. I totally reccomend this.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2VKXCBUD8ZU5Q": {"By: ": "michael", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "best laptop for gaming", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Portability is amazing! Love it. Best laptop for gaming. Great price point. Thank you MSI. Tics all my boxes.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71hZ4TnvA8L._SY88.jpg"]}, "R3TYD6S4W6FPTV": {"By: ": "Kaveen Jayamanna", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "So far so good", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Happy with my purchase", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RML8UC2Y23WBV": {"By: ": "RevenantZer0", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Gaming Laptop Versatile for Use", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Bought this laptop for video editing on the go and video recording on console games. Excellent build, great specifications.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R8ON7DSZIM7ER": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "very beautiful beast", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "it is the best product (laptop) which I purchased from Amazon in terms of price and performance. Unbeatable!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R37I510GO331HU": {"By: ": "Sweaty Yeti", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Great PC, amazing picture quality and powerful enough to play any game I\u2019m really want! 10/10", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RQVQ5VWLI882K": {"By: ": "Lucas", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Excellent computer, powerful and great for the price", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71TCn6rQQWL._SY88.jpg"]}, "RGU8G0PAC4F0Q": {"By: ": "matt matis", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Excellent Computer!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Fast, responsive, lightweight and no other laptop in this price range can compare to the performance and display output!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R15D7M2M4ZL6IY": {"By: ": "Baybik", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best for gaming", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Very nice laptop, glad I trusted the comments, worth every cent.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71v01+g73NL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R3Q69WOO429I1E": {"By: ": "Alicia Diaz Barriga", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Fast, beautiful and well equipped", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Really nice computer, runs really fast! The keyboard is awesome not only the colors but the feeling when you type.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71+pTu3q4uL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R240NL71LJUQ63": {"By: ": "Jimmy", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Low quality thermal paste", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Great laptop\n\nOnly Cons are poor thermal paste and 500GB Hard Drive but can live with it.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R23PCSW97WH7T6": {"By: ": "Daniel Kim", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Helpful", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I had a bit of an issue when I first ordered it, but it got resolved resolved quickly. Thank you so much.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R207F185IL5KJH": {"By: ": "William Hoverder", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best Computer of my life", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "You will not find a better value for a gaming laptop. Truly remarkable piece of machinery.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2Z2VAHJDSWUXE": {"By: ": "michael frailey", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Performs very well for it's price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I was very surprised when I received this laptop. It far out weight what I was expecting.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3N5GR8HJOUKE3": {"By: ": "raneirio", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "A must have laptop.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Fast. Can play any game at ultra settings.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2VWIV4LXC19R3": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "a rtx2070 for a great price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Just got the laptop, loving rgb keyboard and the overall speed of PC. It's fast!!!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1YSVO8W7MK0WK": {"By: ": "Farhad Ibrahimzade", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Good performance for this price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This laptop has greater performance than many others for this price.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RU1IH9QTC52HK": {"By: ": "kluky", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "great laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "great product for the price, cant beat it", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2J52ZZR8197VJ": {"By: ": "Jad D.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "AMAZINGGG", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "AMAZING GAMING LAPTOP,HIGHEST SPECS WITH LOWER PRICE,HIGHLY RECOMMENDED,5 STARSS", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R163X7PI14RG8Z": {"By: ": "Dan Kastner", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Everything good so far", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Simple start up and seems fast. have not tried to play any high intense games yet to check fps", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1OUNE2M47O167": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Awesome graphics, super fast loading time. MSI always delivers great quality computers.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R34H5L8IPQCR2J": {"By: ": "Andy mercedes124", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "By far the best gaming laptop that I\u2019ve bought so far great for gaming.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/714un9o8KhL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R12GU5GUS5U1DY": {"By: ": "David Williams", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Good Laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I use this laptop for gaming and so far I love it! Big upgrade from my last computer!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R30R27K1I710N8": {"By: ": "Keaton Mask", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Smooth", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Love it a lot", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R292IRW2HMB98M": {"By: ": "matt h", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Nice quality", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Bought this because it was a good price and MSI is a good brand. So far so good!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2845CU26R9JMW": {"By: ": "Spro", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "this is a laptop that I feel verry satisfied, powerful laptop in the price range.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71CqcE+8bpL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R3K187D906EWGC": {"By: ": "Fabricio", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "GAMING POWER", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "FANTASTIC LAPTOP FOR GAMING ON THE GO, GOOD GAMING FEATURES FOR THE INVESTMENT", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RU8YGC0T8PKE0": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great for gaming", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "One of the best laptops I have ever owned. The fan gets a little loud though.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3C5TAOF0I67IC": {"By: ": "Jorge Varas", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Amazing", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The best laptop ever, you can run the latest games with high graphic details.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1YAO0AJZ4P2RS": {"By: ": "maria torres", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Nice budget gaming laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "I love this laptop. Very fast and very nice to look at.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71gco5s-8cL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R347LMLKQCLW0P": {"By: ": "Kevin Kyeong", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Perfect balance of good price and high quality specs.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Right now, this is the best value gaming laptop you can get.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R195CYSARN22PT": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "This laptop is fantastic!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "It is a great laptop with everything I needed.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R24MLOKO3USMSO": {"By: ": "Chad Lozano", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Laptop!!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Amazing laptop! Worth every penny and I love MSI products!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R4ALRC6AY6ZHG": {"By: ": "Kevin Li", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great for its price.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Just received this product. Looking great at the moment!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2TVB2C80TVAHF": {"By: ": "David Smellie", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best value", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Works great so far. Battery life is low as expected.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1LIA7JZGAO6FM": {"By: ": "Brandi", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "recommended.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "i love this product, just what i was expecting, very happy :)", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3P7K4OVMGZ4ZZ": {"By: ": "27T-Bucket", "Stars: ": "4.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Laptop for a great price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Fantastic purchase for the money.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R10Q15PGHM46V": {"By: ": "Collin Bennett", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Laptop", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "So far a great product, very fast and graphics are great.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R244WRD5MFZY39": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "awesome", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "great computer! just great all around", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R1O3370D4SZHO0": {"By: ": "Joseph Thomas", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "best for your money.", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "This is pure power. Amazing machine!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3VR19O4VGB8HD": {"By: ": "Edwin Colon Huertas", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Build quality", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "The best gaming laptop. Excellent build quality.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3EVSZ72OS1ORH": {"By: ": "Fernando N.", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "0 PROBLEMS!!!! RUNS E V E R Y T H I N G", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2I8CMAPZ32FK": {"By: ": "Yang", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great laptop!", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Great laptop!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2J9YFLLP5A15E": {"By: ": "Joe W", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best Computer for the Price", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Best specs for the price", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R35T5AQ69V62KI": {"By: ": "Alex K", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Perfect", "Purchase: ": "Verified Purchase", "Text: ": "Love it", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RDNUBSNKUKB9A": {"By: ": "Jabbar", "Stars: ": "2.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Poor quality laptop", "Purchase: ": "Not verified", "Text: ": "I am really disappointed with this product. Bought it for gaming but not being able to play anything after initial breakdown. Initially laptop got overheated in an hour of gameplay and after some hours, screen started flickering bad. Not not usable anymore. Took it to warranty and got replacement. Waiting to see how the replacement performs.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2WJ74QOOCB0QF": {"By: ": "Ocean Giovanni", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "better than apple and they don't over charge", "Purchase: ": "Not verified", "Text: ": "honest review of this laptop is that u get what you pay for.\nfirst impressions the packaging feels nice.\nright out the box you get the feeling of quality materials.\nthe SSD makes windows ten operating system feel flawless.\nthe true RGB keyboard is more than i expected and i love it.\ni use this laptop for school, work, some gaming, and streaming.\nyou can hear the fans when you're gaming, i don't notice it because i wear a headset.\nand the refresh rate and response time are ridiculously fast.\nat the end of the day i couldn't be happier.\ni'm coming from a 2 in 1 ASUS laptop but hard drive started failing so i made the decision of buying this laptop because of the SSD.\ni definitely recommend to anyone who needs a computer for heavy usage, as in video editing, streaming, gaming, CAD, music production, and more.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/41SRUxK63XL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51buHQ-kjaL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61bhAzRzFyL._SY88.jpg"]}, "R1J6ZA3G38LAJB": {"By: ": "Gerritt", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Monstrous Lightweight Gaming Laptop", "Purchase: ": "Not verified", "Text: ": "When I received my laptop I was genuinely surprised by the three layers of packaging it came in. Inside the laptop was snugly set between two pieces of foam and wasn't scratched or damaged in the slightest. It also came with a small cloth between the keyboard and the screen which protected any scratches that may have occurred in shipping. The laptop itself is wonderful and while the fans are a little bit loud its acceptable and you can't even notice it while gaming. The specs for the price are fantastic and I never had a single issue setting it up or running games. I've also been using it for college and the 512 gb SSD has proven to be enough for me to have games like GTA 5, Monster Hunter World, and more downloaded while still keeping space for work. The laptop is absolutely monstrous and seems to run everything at the highest settings without any struggle at all going well over 60 fps. Great purchase to replace my old 15 pound monster from 2014.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "RUKRWQ7GOK7TS": {"By: ": "Marc0", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Great Gift for your Long Distance Gamer Love~ <3", "Purchase: ": "Not verified", "Text: ": "Bought one for my fiancee, she said it has a pretty keyboard and loves it overall. She said typing on it is fun. Can't wait to start playing already. Shipping quick and was great internationally, product came in perfect condition.\n\nWe're not worried about battery life cause we'll be keeping it plugged in always.", "Images: ": ["https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71Fxc4CBHFL._SY88.jpg", "https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71jMckF-sRL._SY88.jpg"]}, "RFWJ5LFY29OX7": {"By: ": "Amazon Customer", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "All-in-One device - Very happy with purchase", "Purchase: ": "Not verified", "Text: ": "I purchased this laptop last Friday and it already arrived - was very happy when booted it up. Much much faster than my 3-year-old laptop that now has retired. I can't wait to test out all features!", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R3QPSYV1RQZ3FZ": {"By: ": "JML", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Such a beast!", "Purchase: ": "Not verified", "Text: ": "This laptop is such a powerful maching, i cannot believe that it's only $1,399 for how powerful it is. The cooling (cooler 5) is awesome too, loud, but that's expected, not too loud though.", "Images: ": "No images found"}, "R2I2ARNN7E9HJV": {"By: ": "Shawn Switzer", "Stars: ": "5.0 out of 5 stars", "Title: ": "Best Gaming laptop for the price", "Purchase: ": "Not verified", "Text: ": "For the price this is at and the hardware that is in it, it is a great deal.", "Images: ": "No images found"}}